Jody. Wait.	What
Frances...	What
This is going to drive the ante up.	Frank Galvin's... who's calling please? Bishop Brophy's office..
I'm your political advisor, and I'm giving you political analysis here. This is a setup. The Chiefs want to go in. It's the only way they can redeem themselves for the Bay of Pigs. They have to go in, and they have to do it right. It's that simple.	I'm gonna protect those pilots
Nah.	What you been up to
Yeah.	I get so irritated with Daddy. He's so dumb sometimes
Yeah, why not? We're the good guys.	I guess we are
What the hell is this?	The freeway
Shhh!  They're sleeping.	Tell me how all this works
And my son, the only son of Harold Ryan--he's going to grow up to be a vanisher, too?	I don't know.  I hope he never hunts.  I hope he never kills another human being
Oh, that. That ain't nothin' to be afraid of, ma'am. Just ol Chief Bromden. That's all...	Is he one of the loonies
It's...it's a long story.  Can we meet somewhere?	Jesus, man..
You put up with me, because I can read and write ancient Egyptian, decipher hieroglyphs and hieratic, and I'm the only person within a thousand miles who knows how to properly code and catalogue this library.	Who needs smart women? I put up with you because your mother and father were our finest patrons, Allah rest their souls. Now straighten up this mess
They would have killed you too.	Nothing could be worse then this slow death I'm living now
Then don't come any closer.	Turn it off...
I'm fine, Thomas. The garden is a healthy one. There is no need for a claim.	Good. That's good. Then if you would please sign a paper to that effect
I miss you.	It'll just be a few days
I don't know. But he did die. STARKS falters under the news. JACKIE looks around, through her now blurred eyes, like she might find some help in the apartment. She settles for the BOTTLE of VODKA on the table, lowers the iron fork and takes a long heavy drink, then laughs nervously as she looks up.	I know what this is...I picked you up when I was drunk and you probably thought I'm just fucked up enough to fall for this. But the thing is I know what I'm doing when I drink. I just usually don't care. Right now, I do though. And I want you out. Now
I'm sure my men fixed it.  We've got nothing to worry about.	That sounds familiar
You gotta keep Lonnegan's con, even after you spent his money.  And no matter how much you take from his, he'll get more.	You're sacred of 'em, aren't ya
Oh, of course I remember that!  But then I must have had a dizzy spell, and fainted!	Where were you
See what?	The pattern.  Each incident occurred almost precisely a thousand statute miles from the Pole.  A line through the points of occurrence makes almost a complete circle..
He talks loud. And he loves his code.	I see. He does talk loud
Ask him his name.	Who are you
Max?	Let her go
Do you... I mean... I don't think she should go by herself.	What do you mean
I mean it. Don't say one fuckin' word.	Okay, Lou-is
What ya want?	Must be a bitch getting around in that wheelchair. How long you been in it
Because if there's an attack made on Court it could be traced back to me. I can't allow that to happen. Everybody loves me and I intend to keep it that way.	I see your point... though why should I care
Your brother has four days. Fifty cars. Five-zero. For that he gets 200 large ...	And if he doesn't make it -- 
Theo, Buzz is dead.	I didn't come this far to bury a guy that's not my dad. He owes me
The real story is that my mother was a hippie. And a stripper. She was insanely inappropriate with me. She used to wash her lingerie in my bathwater. While I was still in the bath.	Oh, no
Heather, it's just a movie, a dream, really...	You know damn well it's more than that now!  How can we stop him
Now lay back we need to do some tests and I have some questions...	JASON?! WHERE IS HE?
In New York.	Your wife knows that, don't she
Hide out for what? We ain't doin' nothin'.	You're *trespassin'*! It ain't you lan' no more! An' that's the supr'tendant--with a gun
Ed, I want confessions.	I'll break them, sir
You on your way home?	No. Got me an afternoon job at the shirt factory. Figure between that and my night work at the Bodwins I might be able to put something away for me and mama
I'm sorry.	"Me too, Oh, I tried to convince myself, believe me, ""It's like being married to a doctor,"" I said. Doctors are practically never at home. The get emergency calls in the middle of the night and their wives manage to live with it. Then a voice said, "" could you be a doctor's wife? Or are you too selfish . . . "
Cut it out, Sam.	Will you please turn back
I guess... if I'm going to be dead, I'll just have to be the best dead person ever!	That's my girl
How you doin', boy?	Fine.  Better
Don't you?	Yes I do. I know quite a bit about it
Two wavy lines?	Sorry.  This isn't your day
Can't I take it for you?	No, thank you.  Tomorrow's time enough for you to begin work
That's the oldest of the bunch, looked like the Grandpapa. We caught the little one, Junior, in the cooler there. As we've seen, what he lacks in size he more than makes up for in speed.	And the rest of 'em
But I tell you---if you'd only understand.	I understand, Betty.  I understand perfectly
Especially so tonight, Major. In a few minutes you will see the arrest of the man who murdered your couriers.	I expected no less, Captain
You sonuvabitch.	I'm waitin' here for a name
Reed said it'd be weeks till --	He <u>also</u> said we'd avoid that storm in space.  And we know how that turned out
...there's three 't's' and an 'r' in Tattler.	Personal ads
Do you talk with your mom?	It's been awhile. She didn't want me looking for my dad
And while visiting our fair city you...  An Austrian?	An Austrian
Yes, I know.	First your brother, then Charles, now Scobie -- we've got to do something! Any minute now we could be assassinated! Would you do anything like that
Are you sure it's all right for us to be here?	They don't care, they're tearing it down for a shopping centre
I wish I could say my interest in you was purely professional...	Are you trying to get under my cape, Doctor
Carlos De Moraes?	Yes. How did..
Oh yeah, stay here? U-huh.	You can have it to use. Why-why are you smiling
Your mother mates out of season.	That's very colorful.  But see -- now I've got a problem.  I don't seem to be getting much cooperation from you, Porter.  So I guess we're gonna have to take this little session down to my office, ya know
I want to see my wife and kid.	Later.  I want Doucet first
You ought to stay over. You always wrote a good hanging story, Hildy.	That's awful kind of you, Sheriff. I've got to get started on my interview. See you later
What about my feelings? What about my fucking feelings? These assholes, they come over here, they know all the answers, right? Well, they don't know shit.	Will you just put the gun down
Looks like a cheap hotel.	Yeah... Only the room service is lousy.  Come on, let me show you the tennis courts
Men are crazy. then they put their craziness into me. then it makes me crazy. then they aren't so crazy for awhile. then they put their craziness in me again.  . it's burning me. but I love you. I do, I do. Did you know that? Did you know that I love you?	I'm glad you do
That is because you have a familiarity with them. You can predict specific reactions and behavior and are comfortable in that knowledge.	Yes. And, frankly, I envy them as well. They've made important choices; they're going to have great challenges ahead of them. New worlds to conquer..
She's got my word.	She's gonna want to hear for herself
I don't want to talk about it. Everything's okay now. I don't want to talk about it.	Sometimes it helps to talk things over. for instance, many marriages are saved by
Sir, the CPU is on-line.	Okay, stand by in operations.  Let's go
I'm askin' as a Ranger of the sovereign state of Texas.	Got a warrant
Okay. All right.  And what do I say?	Say something surprising. And funny. Lie, if need be
What do you know about the ear? Anything?	Didn't my father tell you not to talk about it
Can you do that?	Yeah, sure.  Ain't nobody gonna stomp my electric train..
Ya really like her?	Sure I like her
There's easily a hundred-thousand in there.  More than that.	I told you.  I knew it was there. Didn't I tell you
What do you mean?	You should have heeded your pointy- eared pal.  These lips can be murder
The hell were you thinking?	Well, I dunno.  I mean, when you looked at all the other options... it just seemed sorta obvious
And what -- split -- the dog's skull open?	Why, doctor.  I did.  He was a bad dog
What do you call the mouse shadow in the second moon?	We call that one Muad'dib
That's not necessary.  You're in.	Thank you
Okay, go ahead.  Intimidate me, bully me if it makes you feel big.  I mean, it's not like you can just kill me.	Actually, it's a lot like that
I swear, Chauncey, between you and Benjamin, I've got my hands full...  ... Say, that is coming along, the swelling has gone down considerably...  ... Any pain here?	Yes, Robert. But it's not bad
Mr. Udall, I'd like to talk to you please.	'Love was... 
I wish there was shit like this back home.	Yeah
He ort not to talk that away to you neither. He ain't no count. He's mean to you and your mama.  Yore mama and that feller that's carryin' me to get somethin' d'eat's gonna be back here directly.	Will you stay here with us for a long time
Why did you go to Chicago?	I was visiting an old college friend
I-I honestly never intended for this to happen...	Please tell me it isn't that teenager
Marty, Marty, you should hear yourself!	Well... was it a prescription
I'm not concerned about the child, Toddy.  It's you I'm thinking of, I'd like to see you prove that a lot of things I know haven't hurt Toddy MacFarlane any.	I'll not do it, Gray
What now, sir?	We put out the word.  We'll start along the south side of the Santee..
...I was one of a group of...	Answer affirmatively. Simply. Keep those answers to three words. You weren't 'part of a group,' you were her anesthesiologist. Isn't that right
What's that?	Guest lists of every A-list party on turnover night. They'd be handy to disappear into, so we're invited to all of them
What's your frank estimation of the British?	Well, you fought with them against the French and Iroquois, how good were they then
Hold on, Ray!  Half-price!  Have you gone crazy?	I guess so, Pete, because that's not all. Tell them what else we've got, Egon
Where?	North
This is your car.	You're in a playful mood
Good morning, Miss Connell.	Good morning
First I have to find some tools.  I need a half and a nine-six-tenth.	Of what
I know.  I'm Ginger. Miss April.	The one with the horses
Oh, it's a sad business.  My sister, Catherine, she don't get along with her daughter-in-law, so she's gonna come live with us.	Oh, she's coming, eh, Ma
I'm scared.	So am I, But it has to be done. I have to tell you about Madeleine, now
Which country?	Columbia
Is that like an hereditary thing, Magdelana, or can one take classes?	Jimmy didn't kill Leo. Why do you wanna do this
What makes her think that?	She says she's on the rag every time I get called in to investigate a murder
What's wrong?	Over there -- that's Ricky Tan
How would you like to go back to teasing hair, big mouth?	Roger, do you mind if we talk a little business
You're a mistake.	I'm not mistake, I'm here aren't I. How can I be a mistake if I'm really here. God doesn't make mistakes, you're a mistake..
Look at her, ya can see she ain't feelin' good -- needs a few minutes exercise --	Few minutes
Yeah, I like it, I'm high up, I can see everything, you know? It's the Cadillac of minivans.	What's that
Can we see it from the back yard?	You can get the general idea..
What about tonight?	I can't tonight
Look, you're going to have to start trusting me sometime. I am a trustworthy person.	Trust is earned not given away
Feral, huh? Totally uncontaminated?	Look at him. He doesn't understand English. He moves like an animal
Yes, yes, and definitely yes. Also... I get confused.	Yeah, most people have that. It's confusing here
Listen Lois Lane, I love your show and all but last month I happened to catch your little segment on me and how my wife left me because I'm a sex addict who enjoys screwing fifteen year old girls. It was a real eye opener my lawyers are still thinking about bringing to your superior's attentions.	They're the ones who approved it
Miss Cora Munro. He never set eyes on her before today.	No blood vengeance? No re-proach or insult
How is Doctor McCoy, sir?	That's the good news. He's home in bed, full of tranquilizers, and he promised me he'd <U>stay</U> there... They say it's exhaustion...  We'll see
On the contrary!  The puling, pallid creature you were before was truly something disgusting.  Now you are splendid... a fierce goddess... the embodiment of all that is strong and beautiful.	You lie!  You wish to humiliate me, as if the form I'm forced to bear were not punishment enough
Nah, that's just Tony's way of telling me Judge Judy starts in ten minutes. You ever watch it?	Uh, no -
Four.  You had four leads.  One kicked out, one the judge, you say...	...you want to see the court records?  John?  Eh?  You want to go down..
Shit. The last time I saw you.	Anyhoo, sweetie, I done a bad thing. I kinda sorta wrecked your car..
No, did you use a condom?	Only sailors use condoms, man
THEN WHAT?	Then you got undressed
What year do you think it is?	1995
You are the manager?	Yes, sir. What is wrong
Caterer?	Yes
Mmm.  Well, good luck, Miss Daniels.	Thank you
Yes.	That's not what it looks like, Mrs. Mulwray
I never say anything I have to.	I mean you don't have to say nice things to me... That kind of thing is a little old fashioned for what we're about to do
What do you think about?	I don't know... I guess I think about the deer... Being out, maybe. I don't know. I think about it all. Hell, I like the trees, you know? I like the ways the trees are, all the different ways the trees are too
Is that Jango?	No, this is Jack.  Jango was hit by a UPS truck.  Can you believe it
The heck d'ya mean?	They want my money, they can deal with me. Otherwise I'm goin' to a professional.  He points at a briefcase
He's very intense, and internal, don't you think?	At times, yes. But that's not an uncommon reaction to such an accident. Actually, I found him to have quite a sense of humor
It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will be crushed and young Skywalker will be one of us! Your work here is finished, my friend. Go out to the command ship and await my orders.	Yes, my Master
That's what it cost, David.	No, no, no. That's what you paid for it. Two hundred pounds is what you paid for it. We don't know what it cost us yet, for you two to have a good time, we don't know the cost of that yet
Don't start with me again.	Aren't I, like the chosen one?  The one and only?  The Grand High Poobah and doesn't that mean you have to be nice to me?  Like, ever
Ohhh.	What
Right. Just a sec.	Okay
"Uh, sure, Sol. Anything you say. Instead of saying, ""One corned beef sandwich,"" and then, ""Another corned beef sandwich,"" I'll say, ""Two corned beef sandwiches."""	Thanks. I knew you'd understand
You didn't say that about the food?	I was just in the cafeteria, there's plenty of food in there.  Take a look for yourself
We're two people working together and we can't have an atmosphere.	I'm relieved you said that
I tell you, this station will be operational as planned.	The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation
It was fiction, of course.	Of course
So what was the theme of the pageant last year?	"Last year? It was, ""Buy American."
Oh, I don't ...	C'mon.  It'll be great
Now there's a coincidence. My father used to gamble there.	Your father
You're really pissing me off.	I'm pissing you off? I'm doing what I said I'd do. What the hell are you doing? What about your word
No, Rex is not going to die.  Julie, you know where the sewing stuff is, don't you?	Sure.  We'll do an operation, Doctor Dylan and Doctor Julie. We'll fix him good as new
Tell me.	Chub says you're fired
What's that, sir?	Tell me, Doolittle, how are the Dodgers doing
It's not the size of the role, Viktor.  Am I or am I not contractually entitled to the biggest trailer on the set?	It's the biggest on earth!  I swear!  It's a 50-foot Airstream -- they don't make them any longer than that
Who knew about Agnes' pregnancy?	No-one
But if she's cloaked...	Then all we've got is a neutron radiation surge - and by the time we're close enough to record it, we're ashes..
I've never weighed 135 lbs.!	Helluva time for vanity
Twenty-one.  The romantic comedies and dramas were much more to my liking.  The horror pictures were trifles.  Grand guignol for the masses.	But it's the horror movies you'll be remembered for
No, I do not have any of those.	Then how about medical records? Could you give us the name of your doctor, or your dentist
I'm not.	No.  You're not specific enough to be a person.  You're more like a vibe
Annie says her panties will keep one side of my brain occupied while I'm on the mound, thus keeping my brain slightly off center, which is where it should be for artists and pitchers.  She also said I should throw whatever pitches you call for.	Annie's a smart lady
What line is he in.	Proprietor of a London firm.  Of longstanding
It'll be a while before he's up and running again.	OK, last night I was weak. it won't happen again. And all that shit I said--it was just because I was stoned. Forget it
Yeah.	I still am
The usual prospects. Convicts, contract killers, murde...	The scum of the Earth
How much money are you carrying with you?	I have five-hundred dollars
Stop it, Harry!	Coffee? Milk? Or how about a little cocoa
This is April, right?	July
Rufus, for Christ's sake, get up.	I'm sorry for whatever I'm gonna do!  And I swear, I didn't do any of the stuff I did
I was, later.	Long distance? I wouldn't do that to you. I'd at least talk to you
In a second!	Fuck in a second! This is... Look at you! You can't even pass
Look, it was just a job.  Nothing personal, ya know?  I play my part, improvise a little.  That's what I'm good at.	I'm tired of dealing with peons.  I need to get to whoever's in charge
Sir, I've always wondered... Why Sue? You could have any woman in the world but --	"That's why. Because I could have any other woman... You know, when they asked Caesar ""why England,"" he said, ""because it's not mine."
I don't make the rules.	Okay, I'll make it as easy for you as I can. Give me an omelette, plain, and a chicken salad sandwich on wheat toast -- no butter, no mayonnaise, no lettuce -- and a cup of coffee
I could swear I had a '63 Chateau Latour in here. You haven't seen it, have you?	I doubt I'd recognize a '63 Chateau Latour if I was sitting on it
You... you left them a message?	I couldn't resist.  I was so relieved. Wait'll they hear this nutty woman telling them...they better watch out for the Army of the Twelve Monkeys..
No! Well, yes, but	No! I thought you believed in me! It was all a lie
Want to take a poke at him?	I didn't mean you, Mister
Hi.	Hi
Mr. Grant. Did you read that script I was talking about?	Uh... yes. Not for us. No woman in jeopardy. Find me Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman. Find me a true story about a crazed killer stalking beautiful women
Doesn't CBS have confidentiality agreements, Mr. Bergman?	Between journalists and management, yes, I believe they do... but I don't take that seriously.  Where do you work
The Queen has consented?	She wants to inspect you. At Greenwich, come Sunday. Be submissive, modest, grateful and brief
Why are you doing this?	Because, it's for the best.  There are somethings that are better left unexplained
Are you sure?	Positive
Yes. That's the deal. She plays Lorna.	But... but wait a minute. We're supposed to be different, right? Clifford says... This theatre is supposed to be different! And this play... this play is all about what greed and money do to people
No.	Paid sick leave
Killing wildlife not good enough anymore, so you go on to bigger and better things.	You got a knack for seeing things the way you want to see them
Contusions... fractures... rupture of numerous vital organs...	What a mess
Van Ripper, turn the coach about!	What did you say
No, they tend to put me on the ones that deal with the business.  I grew up here, and I know my way around the studios.	Must be exciting, Beautiful place, beautiful people
Keep it.	I own three blocks downtown. I have oil in Bakersfield -- pumping, pumping, pumping. What's it for but to buy us anything we want
He doesn't care.	Do it
Don't ever do that again.	I thought I saw a black widow spider
I'm just here shooting this band, what about you?	Promoting that action movie I did..
God, you... you're mean.	I know. Will you please leave now
Right.  Hey, shut up. Okay, sir.	Sorry, I can't hear you. Some pin head's yelling...  Shut up, I'm talking here.  Now look, I want you to go back and I don't care what you do. Stop that marriage
Don't worry, he's probably passed out with his head in the toilet by now.	This man sounds like a real catch
Oh! Oh, my. Uh, Princess Leia!	Quiet
You know what I want.	Maybe I just want to hear you say it
How long ago was your makeover?	My what?
And?	And what
His teacher brought him in to see me. Said he'd been acting up in class. Creating a disturbance.  I couldn't get a thing out of him.	Oh
Hey, how much are we ahead?	Approximately? One thousand bucks
We need all the help we can get.	I've dealt with these people before, Maya.  They're not going to help us
I'm not sayin' I'm not in love with you.	Then what are you afraid of
A waste-basket? GUS Those are plans.  Blueprints.	For what
She can out-run us and out-gun us. But there is the Mutara Nebula at 153 mark four.	Scotty, can we make it inside
Five minutes.	What
I want you to let me go.	And what? And let you disgrace me, you fuckin' pig? And let you disgrace me?  Get up. Get up and be a mother. Get in the car and go to the house..
And we gotta be clear here. I need the negative and every existing print.	To do what
Did you want to have a cup of coffee or something, Bill?	I don't think so.  Do you
I'm sorry Captain. Don't take it too hard.	Nobody tells me to fire anyone. I told them: shove it up the big one.  Sorry.  I said, you want to fire him, come over and do it yourself
What?  If we just believe in Buckaroo Banzai?	Yeah...and maybe more important, if you believe in yourself
Curtis is always more complicated than he seems. Even now.	And so, on this, the most solemn day of the Jewish year, a former yeshiva student is being sought in connection with a monstrous hate crime that -
Of course you can.	What
He calls me a dirty tramp--my own father!	Do you think your father means that
Thank you.	I need a drink
Muh??	I'd consider it a personal favor
Do they know them?	No, but I think I do
You didn't grab her and try to kiss her?	No
We'll give you a heads up before we launch.	How long
Who's that guy?	Her husband
And your coff - excuse me, caffeine sir	Thank yo
My king.	How many did he give you
Who's that?	Nobody. Just a girl I've been making it with the last couple of weekends
What happened?	Just do it
You're going to kill him?  Kill Morpheus?!	Trinity, we don't have any other choice
Her condition isn't quite what it seems. Nobody knows the cause of her hyperkinetic behaviour in a child. The Ritalin sems to work to relieve the condition, but we really don't know how or why, frankly. Your daughter's symptoms could be an overreaction to depression- but that's out of my field.	Depression
I'm not having an affair with Enrique -- you know a Delta Gamma would never sleep with a man who wears a thong! I just liked watching him bend over to clean the filter --	I believe you! Don't worry
He did know.	How
You're looking very chipper this morning, Rose. Sow do you feel?	Perfect, wonderful, good as I ever felt! Except for a big old scar on my stummick, I wouldn't even know I been in the hospital
I don't mean to denigrate your misspent youth, Lex, but what does that rock have to do with --	Tune me in , lady. An explosion such as the one Superman describes would have altered the molecular structure of the Krypton rock
Jeffrey. you're not going down by Lincoln, are you?	No. I'm just going to walk around the neighborhood. Don't worry
It's Tran, isn't it?  This guy is poison, Faith.  Listen to me.  He's got you walled in on all sides.  And he uses the wire too much, he gets off on tape, not on you.	That's a good one, coming from you
I'll put the, in your r...	Somebody make a note.  I want Li..., for the broad...what does she like?  Lilacs. Okay.  A truck of lilacs when the broad comes.  And get something for Bob Barrenger, get him, what does he like...
You're insane. You've lost your mind.	Maybe you're right. But it's still my command, and I have leeway to abort when I feel there is an unacceptable threat to my crew. And I think there is.  Starck, download all the files from the Event Horizon's computers. Coop, Smith, finish moving the CO2 scrubbers back onto the Clark
You could say that --	<u>I'm</u> interested in the picture business.  My associates and I wish to produce a series of uplifting religious films, on the Apostles. But unfortunately, we don't have enough money
What if I told you he did this to me?	What?  How could he have?  When
But I'm David... I mean, I'm not David, but she thinks I am! You heard her...  Stop staring at me... I'm not crazy, she is!	Why are you screaming at me? I mean, what am I... why am I here? I don't..
So what book did you buy?	Oh, it's nothing
I don't seem to be so very popular after all -- in Cross Corners.	Seems like it's my fault, Mr. Webster
Is this your homework, Larry?	We know it's his fucking homework, Walter!  Where's the fucking money, you little brat
I mean forget Sal... Sal can't take it, Nick.	Forget Sal
Me? I'm easy. Especially after a couple of martinis.	The glib, cavalier routine, it really is an act, isn't it
This is another one of your schemes to get me off alone...	That's right
I can't describe it. I think it's from the loam in the soil. This very rich, earthy kind of... alive... No. No, that's not right. Can you smell it?	Maybe it's because I live here
I don't think that's necessary.	Sir, my client has answered every question asked by this committee with the utmost cooperation and sincerity.  He has not taken that Fifth Amendment as it was his right to do, and which because of the extreme legal complexity of this hearing, counsel advised him to do. So, I think in all fairness this committee should hear his statement and put it in the record
Nothing.	Don't look at me, Fuck. I shoot when I see the whites of the eyes.  You like me
Jesus Christ, Gibbons, this is something we came up with?	Yeah, that's right. So now that you know, you understand why it's important that we get it back
How grave?	Well, at the end of the day... because of your segment... the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company... could own CBS
What?	My ass if falling
Yeah. And sex is just like, yeah let's have sex.	It's like yeah whatever. But when you fuck. You wanna fuck that person. You're like ripping each other's hair out. Ooooh
But you are taking it?	Yeah
Look in the index... maybe there's, like an emergency number or something.	Not really...  what's this
"Adam!  She's got bitch written all over her!  You do know what ""bitch"" means, don't you?"	Yes, I have a dictionary. But I can't understand for the life of me why you would call her that!  Or why Cliff would say that about you
...No...	You bet your ass you don't. You can't even pay me off
Don't even go there. What's up?	"Setting up. Technically, anyone in a chat room can be traced back to a screen address. But, by using punters, a correspondent literally punts his address around the world, through computers in countries that have no communication treaties. The correspondent becomes ""ghosted,"" invisible"
That girl was vile to you.	Interesting postscript to that story: Do you know who wound up going with Brad Michaelson in the other dark bedroom
Honest, Toby.  I just asked him for a quarter for the jukebox.	Stay out of this, Jenny.  We got man's business to take care of
Oh? News travels fast in Vienna.	And he's been commissioned to write an opera. Is it true
Grades?	Fine
You need a sponsor; I have influence. I could sponsor you.	Why would you help me
You investigating those murders out at the lake?	Ww... uh..
So what do you think?	Quaffable but far from transcendent
...above Murmansk, and Finland.	Suppose our theorizing is correct? Then this <u>could</u> be the next danger point
A little too tight, eh?  ...They were my son’s. Only thirteen and already six feet tall. A real lanky boy...  I... There’s some cold chicken salad in the fridge if you’re hungry.	Thank you. But I think I’ll go to bed. It’s been a long day
Worked both sides of the fence.  Ask your old buddies in the CTU.	CTU?  Jesus.  You don't think -
What happened to all the Gatorade?	Exactly. They drank it all
Better you hear it from me now than somebody else later.	Business or personal
I have to address the Supreme Council in 10 minutes. Just the facts, General.	There are no results from the chemical and molecular analysis as of yet, all the calibers are overshot..we're hoping a thermo nucleatic imaging.
Can you patch me a temporary loop on DCMGS?	Okay, give me the numbers
Her favorite pastimes were riding her horse and tormenting the farm boy that worked there. His name was Westley, but she never called him that.  Isn't that a wonderful beginning?	Yeah. It's really good
I don't expect you to understand.	I don't understand
Arthur!!	Vada!
What do you think ? Everyone did it when we got our wings. You don't like it, do you ?	It's alright, I guess. You hear from anyone made it out of B.A. alive 
I know.  It'd have to be a pretty big deal to get you to mainline tequila. You don't seem like the type.	"Hey man. . .  You don ' t think I can be ""cool""?  You don't think I can be ""laid back"" like everyone else"
If it means getting Silent Night back, absolutely.	You're talking about a very expensive risk here
Show me an American who can keep his mouth shut and—I'll eat him.	Okay, Beany, bring 'em in one at a time.  Wipe to: Montage: Half a dozen different types of hoboes appear—and in each instance ANN shakes her head, negatively
Catherine says you don't like her.	She's right.  You got an icepick in you yet
What's that tune that you're playing	Zis is an old Transylvanian Lullaby
Peace of mind.	That's it
Well, personally, Major, I will take what comes.	Do you mind if I ask you a few questions? Unofficially, of course
Blasphemy.	Empire had the better ending: Luke gets his hand cut off, and finds out Vader's his father; Han gets frozen and taken away by Boba Fett.  It ends on such a down note. And that's life-a series of down endings. All Jedi had was a bunch of Muppets
How the hell are we gonna get outta here?	We'll think of something
No, but a lot of other people.  You should come.  You should come out with us.	Go home.  Get cleaned up.  Get to work.  Salazar is heading down to Mexico City next week and I'm not getting left behind.  Don't fuck this up
All right Dad -- tell me.	Well, he who finds the Grail must face the final challenge
I put you away --	Yes, you did
He was in love with you Grace. He would've done what you wanted, you could've made a deal and ...	The only deal he had in mind was killing you for Jake's murder and blackmailing me into sucking his dick for the rest of my life... no thanks
I'll help ya.	Gee, ya think it wouldn't be too much trouble
I want sleep more than anything. Except maybe, food.	There's a big diner about ten miles on up... just outside Fairvale
Diane.	Ssshh
Yes, I am.  But I prefer the machete.  Certain moves, however, call for a sword.	Really
Okay.	I'm serious, Thomas; I don't want you to get hurt
Mr. Dickson?	Ah, Mrs. Pembroke. I spoke to Mr. Schaffer at the Guaranty. He's going to take care of that mortgage for you . . 
George, I am just trying to do something nice for my kids on my one day off.  Could you please not give me a hard time about it?	One toy per kid is doing something nice. Four is ... something else
I don't know... I'm spaced out... he was taking a shower... He must be still in there.	He's been here all night
Lemme ask you a question.  Ever fuck a mutant?	Take me to the hotel
Don't tell me you're naked back there.	Figure of speech.  Could we go
What do you mean -- when you were a kid?	Nevermind.  It's not real -- it's a hoax.  A prank.  He's hiding in a barn. Hey, turn left here.  Left
Okay.	Okay
What are you asking me for? He's so busy lately I hardly see him. And he's been so preoccupied.	Preoccupied with what
What do you think?  Good move?	Good move: when all is said and done, she's nothing special.  I saw her taking her pants off and I definitely glimpsed some cellulite down there
Oh, man.	We heard you scream. Any idea what you might've seen
I don't want to die.	Are you afraid
I've always seen that.	We <u>don't</u> show her breasts, we just show your <u>reaction</u>..
What?	If you don't tie up all the loose ends it'll never be over
Like how?	I don't know. He could have told someone. He could have, like in the event of his death, somehow let someone know where those bodies are buried
Oh, the record company sent these...	Mmm, I love Cristal, let's have some
What are we going to do?	The War is Over
Like Joe.	Hmm.  Where are my kids
Why, so you can go after him?	Jesus, Ann, get a life. I just asked what he looked like
You'd like to buy your wife some lingerie as a Christmas gift.	Yes. I have her permission
How many times have you done this? I'm interested.	What
What're you talking about? You wanna be a movie star?	I'm thinking about producing
I don't know. Look, man, if you're looking for somebody maybe you ought to see the cops.	But I..
But then you never get to go in space.	Exactly. The difference between imagining how things might be and seeing how they really are. To be able to touch them. That's what Billy wanted to do
Have I forgotten something?  Is this a special day?	It's just a regular day
He wouldn't leave her.	All right...  Get in...hurry.  Put this on
I don't mind being the token <u>woman</u>, what I'm suggesting, send me out there with a token <u>man</u>... who are these Warriors, ¥our cobbled together Strike Force?  I'm in the room with a fugitive felon...	Starling...
I got a call of a disturbance, screaming and yelling, loud music.  Has there been some screaming and yelling?	Yes.  I had someone come to my door, someone I didn't want here and I told them to leave -- so -- it's no big deal. They left.  I'm sorry
Doctor.	Dr. Dreyfuss
New York.	Yes, we're in New York now.  But where are you planning to stay in New York
You're jumping to conclusions, Beth. Don't get worked up --	Fuck you, Norman!  It's right here..
Mickey!  Oh God, Mickey!	Violet
-- yeah?	See she doesn't drink too much
But everybody is all right.	They're all fine.  Just bruises and shit
...find him on the...Frank. His name's Frank Mackey --	Frank Mackey.  That's your son
Oh, very good, but very mysterious.  He lives in the Emerald City, and that's a long journey from here. Did you bring your broomstick with you?	No, I'm afraid I didn't
Time, Pilch! My move.	No fair! You lured him with produce
Well, of course you should come home immedietly !	I've made a mess of things. I've been so stupid..
Buggin' Out, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but you can really direct your energies in a more useful way.	So, in other words, you are not down
I'm sure you've probably heard that I want to ask you, but I'd like to know if you'd go to prom with me. I know we Didn't hit it off right at the beginning but-	Yes. I'll go. Yes
How did you get in here?	I had a key. I worked here... till they closed the shop
We're gonna have a bunch of clapped out old hippies blissing on the Grateful Dead!  Sleeping in the park, smoking dope and sticking tulips up their ass.	Good
-- you perverted hypocrite square bastards.	OK
Stow the receipt. I'll take the cash.	Forty-five bills
Bones!...	One alive, one not. Yet both in pain
How long 'till we can eject?	We're going to have to reconfigure
What'd he steal?	A chip. Goes in a computer
Bullshit...I was just talking to him.  I saw him move.	What?..
"Eight words back in '72 -- ""I covered up.  I was wrong.  I'm sorry"" -- and the American public would've forgiven him.  But we never opened our mouths, John.  We failed him."	"Dick Nixon saying ""I'm sorry""? That'll be the day.  The whole suit of armor'd fall off"
Love...	... death ..
Taking ol' Leo somewhere?	Leo's been out here too long, man. I'm taking him to ceremonial burial
I don't think your friend likes me.	She's a little jealous, I think. And confused when it comes to men...  So where are we going
What?  We both have cars.	Yeah but, no offense, you're talking about a post-high school, long- distance relationship, and you and Kevin haven't even done it yet
He knocked me out the sonofabitch. Where is he?	Down there
So now, did they put your suitcase in the wrong pile? It's just -- upstairs -- weren't you under the R stand? I thought I saw you there.	My father wants me in New York. He builds boats. I'd rather sail them. I travel under my mother's name
No!  You're one of them.  Of course, it makes perfect sense!	No, it doesn't!  Those keys were put there.  I didn't even know..
I'm hesitant to...	Mack the Mouth at a loss for words
What do you mean, I'm here?	I'm in a Customs holding tank in Mexico City International. Bring a bunch of cash... about 5K. I'm going to need it
There's the script to go back to the Guild-	I've got it
Be not so long to speak I long to die.	I do spy a kind of hope, Which craves as desperate and execution as that is desperate which we would prevent. If, rather than to marry Paris, Thou hast the strength of will to slay thyself, Then it is likely thou wilt undertake a thing like death, to chide away this shame. No warmth, no breath shall testify thou livest . Each part, deprived of supple government, shall stiff and stark and cold appear, like death. Now when the bridegroom in the morning comes to rouse thee from thy bed, there art thou dead. Thou shalt be borne to that same ancient vault where all he kindred to the Capulet lie. In the meantime, against thou shalt awake, shall Romeo by my letters know our drift, and hither shall he come. And that very night shall Romeo bear thee hence to Mantua. Take thou this vial, being then in bed, and this distilling liquor drink thou off. I'll send my letters to thy lord post haste to Mantua
And how do we do that?	I don't know
Huh?	I can use your mom's
How'd they get onto you?	How do I know?  But it was from the get-go.  Knew the FBI had run me into them.  Sonny, I gotta go...
Have you ever wanted to make love to someone other than your husband?	Goddamit..
I had to move fast. The hacker copied my garbage file.	What
What??!?	Did you ever fuck one, Guy
How?	I don't know. Just should, though.  Somebody should kill 'em. Nobody'd miss 'em
Hell of a night.	Its not over yet
"""Bring it in on time and there's more where these came from.  Marty.  P.S. I want to talk to you about a product tie- in..."""	I'll put the, in your r..
This isn' t some kinda fucking game! You know how many people RKO employs?! You know how many people depend on what we do for a living?!	I really think you'r
You don't think it's that bad, do you, sir?  I mean, Long's spent the last two years developing his defoliant.  The stuff can't even kill crabgrass yet.	Where's their protective..
Of course not.	You might have to, if you went with me. Ever try to keep warm in a C-54, at fifteen thousand feet, at twenty below zero
No, No, this one didn't escape. You told me you'd always been in Hell. You were wrong. Look at it. LOOK. IT'S YOU.	Nonsense, I..
Naah, I don't wanna.	You could pick that scab on your arm
I'm just a demon, Nicky. I don't got devil blood in me. I'd last two minutes up there with your brothers.	You're not saying it's up to me
Mr. Carpenter -- what does velocity mean?	Velocity is the time rate of change of position
I hate you, you son of a bitch!!!	No.  Hate the fear inside of you! Climb like a man mister!  Hate it! Hate it away.  Hate your way up one more rung!!  Do it right now!
Your Majesty knows my affection for him is deep and genuine, and goes far beyond my official role as Ambassador.  But I would be remiss in my feelings for you, and in my responsibility to the Emperor, if I did not say that it is entirely possible that the Emperor will view your refutation of the terms of the Treaty of Tilsit, as the first step in the exchange of a French alliance for an English one -- with all the dangers that might entail.	I have given a great deal of thought to that possibility, and I am prepared to face it.  If it should come to war, and I presume that is what you are alluding to, I would rather have war with the Emperor than my own people
Even if they are Iraqis probably all they'll do is take us prisoner for awhile.  Got to figure we're still kicking their asses in the war.  They don't want any trouble.	Hell, they'll probably just surrender to us.  Probably
Bullshit! It's about you! About you deciding! About you always being right! You always getting everything your way, controlling everybody -- like we work for you or something!	I don't believe this
His boss was the one on the Warren Commission who handled all the leads to the intelligence community.	Allen Dulles
Yes, very pleasant.	Well, shall we go through Documentation
The door from the patio, in back.	You broke in
Antarctica??	Adrian's headed down to his secret retreat.  He invited us to come along.  I've been thinking.  If things do get nasty . . . it wouldn't be a bad place to sit out a war
Um-hmm, and I suppose that incensed you?	You're damn right it incensed me, the miserable bastard. He also said the kikes and the niggers have taken over Washington. D.C
Without question.	Alright.  I want you to leave and go back to New York
So you made a generous contribution.	What can I say? When the spirit moves me
Detective Williams here. yeah. Tell him to go to Sergeant Milton. yeah, copy.  Well, Jeffrey, you found something which is very interesting to us. Very interesting. I know you must be curious to know more.  But. I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you not only not to tell anyone about your find, but also not to ask more about the case. One day. when it's all sewed up, I'll let you know all the details. Right now, though. I can't.	I understand. I'm just real curious like you said
Would ya take off your glasses?	What
Dad around?	He's still at the bank
I find this as distasteful as you, lieutenant.  But if it's on my desk, it's on my shoulders.  There's going to be an inquiry -- it will not be quick and it will definitely not be pretty.  You should prepare yourself.	Sir, please... if there's any way to do this without dragging everyone through the mud..
You were probably so scared you didn't look to see what the trick was.	It wasn't a trick
Hey, bud.	Hey, bud
No, I'm through with that shit. Ashley's right. Gotta start doing something I got a stake in. Get a business going.	I don't know, I've seen the business world
Suppose the neighbors heard the noise?	Wouldn't be funny... Listen, I'll be back in a while
I can't hear this now --	Ellie, there is no reason you have to be alone
Wow, dude. Wendy could really give a rats ass about you.	I bet she would if my name was GREGORY!
I wouldn't ask if I didn't have to.	Not much further
Hey, why're you always walking ahead of me?	Well, why you always walking behind me
One. The radio's rappin' about $750^000. We only got a half a million.	A little more was taken out before.  My brother's a director of that Bank, Mr. McCoy... I had a few pressing debts
Phillip?	COOPER, MEET THE LONG LOST PHILLIP JEFFRIES. YOU MAY HAVE HEARD OF HIM AT THE ACADEMY
Why are you here now?	They turned me loose from the state hospital
What?	Be at the State House, Courtroom Nine, at ten o'clock tomorrow
I wish these people would leave already. I can't listen to another story. Did you see him?  That doctor says the brain is coming around. They're waiting for the heart to stabilize. I don't know who to believe. He says they still have to keep him tied up.	Can I bring you something back to eat--a falafal, some pizza
La Dai! La Dai! GET THE FUCK OUTTA THERE!	Hey take it easy man. They're scared
I have something to tell you.	Lay it on me
Not in any pain...the good and bad news of a blown out spinal cord.	I'm sorry
What, you're goin' off, too?	Johns is leaving you a gun. Just do me a favor, huh? Get my crewies buried? They were good guys who died bad
This fork is filthy.	The fork is the least of your worries, Claude
What happened to you?!	Ruben's dead.   So stupid, a cop thing, a crazy kid and a buncha dumb mistakes... I'm sorry... because you and he..
You must bow down to the Almighty Bunghole.  Heh heh, this is cool.  Bungholio-o-o-o-o-o!	He's jerkin' us off. I think we're gonna have to take him out. Get ready to fire on my orders...  This is your last chance. Give us the unit now..
You look so, so...	... so much like her
He was just doing his job.	So was I
No you didn't.	Oh yeah. Had you big time
Now! Where's it hid, honey?	I'll tell
You mean we'd be dead?	No! We'd be the first living men to set foot in the Halls of the Gods
An answer.	No
If there are... larger birds, Mitch... they'll get into the house.	That's a chance we have to take
Yeah, it's pretty relevant considering my situation.	You're not gonna start that again
You have to think about this, Sal. Listen to me, Sal! You have to think about this.	This is horrible
He's telling me an idea for a movie. It's not bad so far.  Sit down, have a drink.  Tell Karen, let's see what she thinks.	Maybe you didn't hear me
When is he coming back?	I don't know
I just got this motorboat - it's an experimental model.	Looks like they're on the wrong track
Really?	So, uh...I threw it out, but I have this other one
What's the matter?	You've got to go over the back fence and I'll meet you on the corner
I got him on the knee!	You missed him
I will give you one hundred pounds to spare his life.	I would pay one hundred pounds just to see him hang
I am running faster!!	Hurry!!
I am afraid not. My regrets, Monsieur.	Well, perhaps I shall like it in Casablanca
The future is ours so let's plan it.	Janet
I will not touch the white man's poison: his drugs, his liquor, his carrion, his women.	A Muslim must be strikingly upright. Outstanding. So those in the darkness can see the power of the light
About what?	Now don't get the wrong idea, pal. She was just trying to express her true feelings for me
All I have in the world.	That's what I like about you, Jake. You're an honest man
Squid...squid like...squid type... it's got tentacles, a feed sac... probably one central nervous processor somewhere...what the hell do I know is going on deep down in the ocean...there's all sorts of shit we've never seen...eighty foot clams...60 foot sharks...I'm just guessing...can you get me more juice out of Hercules...fast?	For juice, I gotta rebuild. That's not fast
Hey, Skins—  --get away with that sheet metal all right?	Easy, that new checker faked the receipt. Here it is, boss
"He said something like, ""Do you want it dirty7"" or something.  I tried to turn away, but he pushed me to the floor."	Was there penetration?  Did he put himself inside you
Hey. Knock it off. I don't want to have to listen to this while we're out there...	What do you mean 'We...?
Why? What's happened?	I had the dream. The dream came back again..
My end?	25% discount on the load
"I am thinking of publishing my ""Highland Journals."""	Are they worth reading
My father is watching the businessman. The businessman had a partner who disappeared. Left his whole business and family, his wife and two kids. They think he's been murdered.	You really do hear a lot, don't you
What I mean, when I say annoyingly perfect, is that there is nothing annoying about her perfection. It is vulnerable and endearing. And that is annoying as shit.	You like her
But Gray's only a cab driver -- a Resurrection Man who robs graves to make a bit of money now and again.	If he were only that. The man's evil himself. Some day you'll know him as MacFarlane knows him -- for MacFarlane he was to Knox as you are to him. That brought him close to Gray, he roistered with him and drank with him. Aye, and Gray even brought him to my door and my love. There is all that between them and more -- Burke and Hare and Knox -
What?	I'm gettin' too slow for this racket.  I done the best I'm gonna do.  You hang on too long, you start embarrassin' yourself
I already bought a ticket.	What?
-- how did you get here?	-- took a bus
You got a nice tan, though.	Tan? What tan? It faded on the airplane. I'd try to get my money back, but who do you ask?  Two hundred dollars a night, for what
Margo. You by any chance got bicarbonate of soda in the house?	Poor Max. Heartburn?  It's that Miss Caswell. I don't know why she doesn't give Addison heartburn
Is that why you and your friend split up?  Because you wanted to be free?	In a way, yes.  I suppose so.  I know it's why I stopped making pictures
It's for the mining industry, Mr. Cunningham. We can talk about business later. But first, let me slip into something more comfortable.	Behave
Meeting ... people.	Tell me about it. I've been dating longer than I've been driving. I can't believe that
I was having an affair with Eduard.  He didn't tell you?	No
I thought I was gonna have an attack. Go into a fit and bite off my own tongue in the middle of the bayou. Childs could tell I wasn't right.	Just safety your shit and get behind me, okay? I'll take care of this
I figured I'd ask you...	I was in the psychiatric wing. It bothers you, finding out I was in there... doesn't it
St. Mike's.	What goes down there? I mean who's the priest I keep seeing, he's there all the time. He has black hair and he's very intense looking
I'm telling you, baby, maybe we better get out of here.	We can always do that, Duff
Hey man, don't you have something else you could put it in?	That is our most modestly priced receptacle
It was good.  He was a hard worker, a lot of drive, a real hustler.	And yet you fired him
You're not gonna make some deal with that guy, are you?  I mean, I just wanna know.	No, Thelma.  I'm not gonna make any deals
There's Gardner, Hepburn, Grable, Turner.  Lynn Bracken is my Veronica Lake.  I use girls who look like movie stars.  Sometimes I employ a plastic surgeon.	That's why her mother couldn't I.D. her... Jesus fucking Christ
Walter...I can't believe it.	I'm honored to know this man
Take it easy, Drag.	Luke. Where you goin
But you eat, don't you?	Mostly, we open a can of beans and boil some coffee
I hate these Southern shites.	Fucking Northern monkeys
"By ""takes care of,"" you mean ""kills""."	That's right
What about sports?	What about them
Was.  I'm on the fucking ghost train right now, man.  You got anything for me?	Sorry
...why am I here...?	What, what, what, what do they got that can pass for the Old Mill..
Grandma, look at me!	I see you! Riding pretty high, ain't you? Look out you don't fall off
Yes, he is. And someone else. Vulcan scientist of your acquaintance.	This Vulcan -- is he alive
From what?	From you
That's correct, sir!	Not that one.  Or that one
Hi honey.	What's wrong
What?  No I'm not.	I saw you making fun of me with your lacrosse buddies
Were his parents...attentive to him?	What do you mean
All right, John, just take a breath, let's think about this...	I'm out of breath!  I'm a fucking fugitive
Or clear your windshield with it.	...what a lovely perfume
You see, George, you were not there to stop Gower from putting that poison into the . . .	What do you mean, I wasn't there? I remember distinctly . . 
Is that really it?	That's really it
What?	You've got Dickie's rings
Yeah!	This is about freedom of speech, Stan, about censorship
And, I'll tell you what, Mr. Dugan, I've been insulted grossly in this house.  I ain't at all satisfied with these here ways of going on. I'm an Englishman, I am, and a man of property; and I -- I --	If you're insulted, and not satisfied, remember there's two of us, Best
A complimentary ticket for a special stunt-driving exhibition. Definitely not part of the big auto show. There's a map in the packet and a note requesting you be discrete about the location.	Really? What kind of exhibition is it
Martin, it's not funny!	You know, it's not always easy for me, either.  But at least I try not to give in to each and every neurosis
What are you after?	Must one always be after something
Anna Moss.	Anna Moss.  Mossy.  The Mossy Thing. The Swamp Thing.  Is she all green and furry
I guess this must be destiny alright. My first yuppie apartment and...  my first yuppie.	You may call me a yuppie... It's Mister Yuppie to you
Where's the case?	There's a problem..
You really think it could've dropped off an airliner?	Sure.  It's halogen.  Shame it didn't hit you - you could've sued.  You coming for a drink
Will she still love him with that special perfect love?	Have to wait
Miss Ratched is a competent psychiatric nurse, not some, some kind of monster pecking out our eyes!	She ain't peckin' at your eyes, buddy
He's right. I had to sell. The key to the game is your capital reserves. You don't have enough, you can't pee in the tall weeds with the big dogs.	"""All warfare is based on deception..."" Sun Tzu says, If your enemy is superior, evade him, if angry, irritate him, if equally matched, fight... if not, split and reevaluate"
Who was that?	I'm having the floor fixed
She was a revelation...	To you, too
Careful you don't spit from here; you could kill someone.	You see your office
Praetor.	Now go. I have some personal business
Aw, I do. But 'seems to me us colored folks do a whole lot of church-goin'. It's the whites that need it real bad.	I think if you tried livin' in a town like this, instead of running free and easy, you'd soon change your tune
You've got to quit looking for what isn't there. They've closed the X-Files. There's procedure to be followed here. Protocol.	What do you say we call in a bomb threat for Houston. I think it's free beer night at the Astrodome
I'd like to take everyone out after the show.	Bill...This is hard on all of us and it's no time for compliments. But I think it's extraordinary of you to come down here for this
You must be the new tenants.	And you...are
The blood transfusion.	Zira, come on. You know they can't --  Oh oh. Here comes Number One
Out! Leave the table!	What
Hey! Wait a minute! There's no birthday party for me here!	Thank you, Desmond.  What's the reason for your truancy
Where's Bert?	He went off someplace
I got no idea of love. And neither have you. I mean, neither one of us would know what it was if we saw it coming down the street.	I'd know it, Eddie. I'd know. For God's sakes, what are you trying to do to me? I love you
Maybe.	I don't know dude. That Caitlin chick's nice. But I see that Veronica girl doing shit for you all the time. She brings you food, she rubs your back... Didn't I see her change your tire one day
Who the hell are all these people?	What? I just couldn't just let them sleep in the street
No.	Visitors? Some friends maybe? Someone you talked to
-- those are very serious allegations, Agent Scully --	Yes. I know
What's that for?	It's just for verification through the credit card company
Now I know why all the girls come here. They know how horny you guys get. But this...is ridiculous.	It's not that
You can't tell anybody about this.	I know.  I know.  But I'm saying, if they knew.  We're going to be millionaires, man.  Millionaires
I thought that...umm...maybe you'd be curious about how I turned out.	I'd say you turned out just fine
Whoa!  What the hell was that?!	Dude!  It's the V-chip!  It shocks him ever time he cusses
What is it?	We're hung up on something
I'm afraid so.	Ti-Joseph
Grab a clue, Sam.  You're a hired hand around here.  Enjoy it while it lasts.	Goodbye, Sandra
Give us a break. All you have to do is make a phone call.	I thought I told you to lose this guy
Pigsty.	Don't worry about it.  Just get into bed.  Worry about that when you're better
"Ed, everything goes off. ""Cheers"" went off. ""Mash"" went off --"	Yeah, but when they went off people weren't making fun of them. They weren't bozos! I'm Pumpkin Ass again
Glasses?	Men who wear glasses are so much more gentle and sweet and helpless. Haven't you ever noticed
What do you mean, not the type? Don't you know who I am? I'm Big Dick Brown! I've been in more porno movies than you ever saw. I've worked with Harry Reems. I've worked with Johnny Wad. Not the type! I can come ten times a day. I can keep it hard two hours at a time. My cock is nine inches long.	I'm sorry, Mr. Brown. I'm sure you're very good, but at the moment, I've got nothing for you. If something comes up, we'll give you a call
I'll be fine.	Well, I'll leave you alone now. I just came in here to get something of mine
Do you think I haven't noticed ... do you think I wasn't aware of the drift? Oh ... you poor unfortunate scuff, they've driven you into books by their cruel, unnatural treatment, exploiting your good nature.	Oh ... I dunno
About what?	About coming in. Your mother just phoned and said you were on your way over to pay me a visit
And if I triumph, you triumph.	Probably
Ah, history I think.	Oh..
No police.	But, Senor-
He's not dead. It's a heroin overdose. Break out the Narcon.	He's dead unless you folks want to stop bullshitting me and tell it straight. Then, Lord willing, we'll try to bring him back
Where are we going?	Nowhere
You don't want the extra police pay?	I'm not saying that
How's it coming?	Fine
No.	Ancient Greece.  Alchimadus was imprisoned by his king
-- They're asking her for a narrative. They want to know why she was in the wrong building.	She was with me
There's no island there. We're wasting our time!	I'm chartering this vessel,Engelhorn - how many days
Look, you said you weren't feeling great.  I thought you should rest.	Bullshit.  You'd drag me off my deathbed if it suited you
We can prove that you're not Ray Dunbar. Impersonating a fellow Cadet is a court-martial in and of itself --	Did I ever claim I was Raymond Dunbar? Was I ever told to state my name rank and serial number for the record? No. You assumed who I was, because I was wearing this uniform. Don't believe me
It turned itself back on, Nick.	No it didn't.  It's just a faulty relay or something.  It happens
Where are you going?	Pest control
Oh, don't get officious. You're not yourself when you're officious. That's the curse of a government job.	Lady, is it true you're driving without a license
I don't have one.	You don't have a room?  Paolo?  What did I just hear?  I personally called you to reserve a room for my good friend Jacques Mayol and you treat him like a stranger?
He's better.	Look, I'm sorry, but it's important to me. I mean, a week ago I was wishing he was dead. And now I want hear his voice again, just once more-- you know what I mean
Any poop on the John Doe you found out there today?	Nothin' much. The Rangers put Ben Wetzel on it. Catch you later
Millionaires.  Flocks of them.  They all go south for the winter.  Like birds.	Going to catch yourself a rich bird
How's it goin'?	Fine
Yah. But it's not a whole pay-in- advance deal. I give you a brand-new vehicle in advance and -	I'm not gonna debate you, Jerry
Finish what?	... I think the whole process would have taken an hour... maybe more. And then I suppose both would have changed back to dog form
To old friends.  And your new dreams.	To old friends
You've certainly thought this out, haven't you?	I am not someone who leaves a great deal to chance, Mr. Nugent
Go to bed, darling. You can finish that in the morning.	Okay
Then why especially does it have to be in German?	Well not especially. It can be in Turkish, if you really want. I don't care
Is it legal?  I mean has anyone ever done it before?	Sure.  Lyndon, JFK, FDR -- I mean, Truman cut the shit out of my investigation of Hiss back in '48
'We'?  You wanna fly out there with me?	Sure.  Do me good to stretch my legs
Tell me how it happened...	Why should I
And are they going to get it?	They might. Yes. That's the point... is that they might... you see, the jury wants to believe. They're all cynics, sure, because they want to believe. I have to go in there tomorrow to find twelve people to hear this case. I'm going to see a hundred people and pick twelve. And every one of them it's written on their face, 'This is a sham. There is no justice...' but in their heart they're saying, 'Maybe... maybe...
That's because, as I have pointed out on numerous occasions, you are a happy idiot.	No, I just happen to take the Captain's advice and look at the bright side of things
"""Pack Up Your Troubles."""	Are we leaving, Captain
About your next assignment, Mrs. Peel ...	Next assignment
Well, sir, if you should do it again, which I hope you won't, please remember the order. Counterpane, blanket, blanket, sheet, sheet.	Ah, there's something poetic about the simple processes of labor. Counterpane, blanket, blanket, sheet, sheet... it should be set to music
There's something about him, isn't there?	Don't tell me you're a believer now
Rita... I want you to stay here and you don't have to give me that money.	But I want to
I took the other road. I'm more of a self-reflective young lion who does business with lead-pipe cruelty and goes home to drink light beer in milky-eyes isolation. I love sports and sex and have no real relationships with anyone. And you?	Oh, you know me, Martin. I'm the same old sell-out baby-boomer, exploiting the oppressed I got shot for at Kent State. But why don't we have a drink and forget the whole thing
It's okay, babe.  We're with you.	I told you you can't help.  This isn't a normal nightmare. I'm doomed
All we thought about was coming home. I swore I'd kill anybody who tried to get me off my farm again. If I have to go to war with the railroad to stay, fine by me.	Think about this. If we just come up with a story and stick to it, we should be all right
I'm not finished - I loved Greta.  A lot. And if maybe, just maybe, someone or some thing killed her, I'd like to hear about it!	I can't listen to this
Got a couple of kids, huh?	Yeah. Just babies
That's my r-r-rent.	Oh
Hey Butt-Head, why's that guy holding a sign?	Uh... maybe he's blind... Huh huh, check this out
Oh, don't be silly, Walter. I couldn't walk around in the streets without any clothes. I'd be arrested.	That's what the two policemen said, sir
Yes.  We won't be able to have dinner tonight.  Something's come up.  I hope you don't mind.	Oh, no, not at all.  Maybe just a bit
But this is my apartment.	Get out
Why do you keep calling me, Jeff? What do you want from me?	I want you back, Fran
The Americans say they are escorting a damaged plane. Our pilots confirm they are surrounding a 747.	Did we warn them off
Walter...  I don't want to hurt your feelings but there is no way we're ever going to get...together.  You know what I mean?	Why not?
Can I ask you a question?	Sure
I never thought this would happen.  No premonitions, nothing.	It did.  It is.  There's nothing we can do about that
No.  The pirates have taken Will --	Your father is frantic with worry. Our mission was to rescue you and return home.  That is what we shall do.  Mr. Turner's fate is regrettable.  But so was his decision to engage in piracy
He killed his father and then my family...	Narcissus, I have your family. They're alive.  All of them
Look, you want to fit in here, right?  You want to learn how to get along?	Yes
Okay...	It's all been transferred
What's he going to do?  Viciously rearrange their environment?	Otho knows as much about the supernatural as he knows about interior decoration
Now I know I didn't hurt nobody when I was drunk - -	Of course, not, Charlie. I never thought you did
My medication.  I left it back there.	We'll get it later.  Irene, please
Shit!	Brady! Come with us
My condolences.	What are you pouring tonight
Oh, I understand, all right. I've been understanding since I was seventeen. And the next step is, as long as you're going to see me tomorrow, why don't you stay the night.	No
If they heard me sing like this up North I'd be richer than the man I sharecrop for.	And if they saw me pitch the way I did today -- they'd hire me just to strike out Babe Ruth
Oh, no, sweetheart - it's not you...	It's your damn job. It never happened when you were a senator..
It's getting there.	We've only been living here six weeks now.  I want that room unpacked by tonight
I swear --	Swear on Jimmy's grave
Well, I think...	You think too much. I need a man who doesn't think so much but acts more than he thinks... is what I need
You Maitlands are the backbone of the afterlife.  So what's my cut?	Can you scare them off
Will you, Judy?	I suppose I could phone the store in the morning, and say I'm sick
It's Hong Kong, not Tokyo.  My country asked for the best.  I told them that was you.  Now I will show you around my Œhood.	No shark fin, no camel hump.  What you listenin' to
You like her.	If I didn't have to hate her, I'd adore her
I thought you were dumping the chick at the truck stop.	I ran into complications
My dear fellow, the language is not finally the point. Do you really think that subject is quite appropriate for a national theatre?	Why not? It's charming. I mean, I don't actually show concubines exposing their! their! It's not indecent!  It's highly moral, Majesty. It's full of proper German virtues. I swear it. Absolutely
I'll help pay for Nicole, if that's what you're really talking about. I'll even give you the money I got for my kids.  That's what we used to do, remember? Help each other.  This was a community.	I'm sorry
I smack 'em hard on the shell an' they get... What?	...I don't know
Yeah.	It looks like you bought it off one of the brothers
John don't like him much.	Pearl dotes on him
But what if something extraordinary happened?  Something so unusual that all the attention went to someone else?  Someone whose confirmation of Phillippe the King would never be questioned.	Who
Hawkins?	I can't tell
We would never have to worry about money -- ever again, Jesus!	Suppose someone knows about the money?  They're bound to ask questions
Help, huh? And I don't suppose this help has anything to do with money, does it?	Don't rush me, okay? You're jumping to conclusions before I've even said anything.  And besides, it's not for me.  It's for our daughter
How are the kids?	Well, thank you, they asked for you all week
Grace Skinner. Who's Grace Skinner to you?	She's my mom
I never knew.	Will never told you that?  Probably just as well. He would have told it all wrong anyway. All the facts and none of the flavor
Oh come on.  There're lots of girls here who look better than ...	Don't do that!  Don't put yourself down. If you have a quality, be proud of it..
You like mysteries that much?	Yeah, you're a mystery. I like you. Very much
People seem to like my cat.	Enough already about it - get to work
Don't move.  It won't hurt you.	How do you know
You're on a boat.  A fishing boat. Italian flag.  We're out of Vietri.  It's the cold that saved you.  The water.  The wounds are clean.  I'm not a doctor, but the wounds, it looks okay.  It's clean.	How did I get here
Yeah, uh, I'm gonna give him one more year and then I'm goin' to Lourdes.	Fifteen-aw, come on, you're... yeah, really
Yeah.  You never know who's going to be next.  Okay, Spats.  Report to the Sergeant- at-Arms.	What for
I'll be in to read you a story.	Good night, Daddy...
I'm intruding.	Can you mix a martini
Gee..twenty five dollars for something I made!	Now you're a professional
General Webb can burn in hell. We'll go back and dig our graves behind the ramparts! Our mission is to fight.	Death and honor are sometimes thought to be the same. Today I have learned that they are not
Yes.	Tell me what she wore
You did not!?... We're not!?	Rat gizzards. They smell bad and taste worse, but that's the best the desert has to offer
What can that gun of yours do?	Power head with 20 ccs of strychnine nitrate. If I can hit him. I can kill him. But I gotta be close. Very close
What a beautiful fish.	Caught him off Cape Hatteras
The main entrance to the control bunker's on the far side of that landing platform. This isn't gonna be easy.	Hey, don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily guarded than this
What? You called Mommy? Just now?	Yes
I don't know.	Well, ask her
... as young as they want, you mean. And I'm not interested in whether thousands of people think I'm six or six hundred-	"Just one person. Isn't that so?  You know what this is all about, don't you? It has very little to do with whether you should play ""Cora"" - it has everything to do with the fact that you've had another fight with Bill"
Come on. Frozen. How much are they?	Frozen, they're six-thirty a dozen in the three pound box
That's quite a statement.	Listen to me. We got -- we got into bed with each other. But it was nothing. It was nothing at all. We might -- we might just as well have been shaking hands
I liked the dog, for laughs.	But Silvia I did not care for much. His fingers were red from fighting and he spoke like a schoolboy at lessons. Stage love will never be true love while the law of the land has our heroines played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats! Oh, when can we see another
Don't you like Bodega Bay?	I don't know yet
Dr. Thompson...?	It was good of you to meet..
Alright. A month. In a month.	A month from today
Help the Senator, give him whatever he wants.	Certainly.  Senator
The boy your daughter was talking to didn't work at the park. We've interviewed everybody there.	But is she, has..
Will you come with me, please.	Hold the fort down, will ya, fellas
I don't like that, either, it's worse than Waski. I want to be called Fran.	Daddy wouldn't hear that. Now the redhaired boy you see sitting there, of course you have met him, he is my oldest son and my most brilliant child. All children have great creative powers, but I don't want to rattle on about my children, they say I brag too much about them, especially about Brother. Am I boring you, Rose
You're nothing.  Do you understand me! You're NOBODY...	I'm... not... nobody..
Access codes to the vault are changed daily, passwords for our computer on the hour...	Can't be too careful
What is it -- I can't tell anything --	It's some kind of organ -- it's inserted some kind of tube or something down his throat
Are you apprehensive?	Why should I be
He's stable... for now.  But it would be better if we could contact... our friends.	Yes. But until then, you'll have to make do with what you've got
Electricity.	It's utterly fantastic! This is the sort of thing I'm talking about! We should be learning this
Hey, the Terminator! Blow 'em away Ollie.	And, I'm pretty sure we got the Beezer Brothers out of Tulsa coming in with us and I'm working on the Silverberg boys in Canada
Pearl's junk. Mom gets mad when she plays out here and don't clean up afterward.	Come on, children
No, I haven't.	Well, the cumulative effect is not good, let me tell you.  I knew I shouldn't have watered those plants
I know how to tag a damn conch....	The readings suck...
So you need three hundred dollars? Of course, I could give you three hundred dollars.  Only I'm not going to.	No
I mean, you don't think it's just like dorky or funny or something ... you really like it.  Oh God! I am just so personally horrified right now ...	I just don't think we have the right to ..
-- You're like a little squirrel of music, storing away dead little nuts of old garbage music, musical lint, old shit, shit, shit --	-- Barry, if I were to say to you I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet, what would that mean
See you Tuesday, Frank.	Right Ben. LET'S GO FUCK. I'll fuck anything that moves
You splendid bastard...	Are there truly no extenuating circumstances
I don't know.	Where's your dad
Crash ain't there.  He never gets back till four or five--	Where does he go
I hope so, too, Mr. Kint. Can I get you something to drink?	A glass of water would be nice
Sure I do. I understand he's in the hospital. How is he?	He's alright, I guess. I hope. They're doing tests, that's why I'm home from school. I was over at the hospital this morning and I was going home and in the field behind our neighborhood. there behind Vista, I found an ear
How do we get to the vault door?	There's a manhole at Canal and Bowery
You look great!	Save it for later.  Come on
It's been nearly a year since our first time and you're still married to my sister, which...I now realize is fine because you're probably much more in love with her than you know.	Yeah, but we-we made so many plans
So, your husband ditched you?	No, no, no it was... it was wild out there, no time to think, we just moved. He didn't leave me. He just ran.  He just ran
Don't get dirty, Dad --	Well, it worries me.  I want you to get swept away.  I want you to levitate.  I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish
Tore off one of my chests.	You'd better go fix it
What?	I've got something on this. I know a guy on the inside with the military..
No -- only occasional jobs.	Tired
Wish I knew why.	Tell him where he fits in, will you? I've got a few things to check out
Smashed the front door.	Any other entrance
The what?	Wazoo!  Try to listen.  Whataya think? Surfer, grunge, hip- hop, Euro trash
How do you know what I experience?	"I know you! What can this possibly mean to anyone who doesn't ""need"" meaning -  ""Who goes with the Mystery"" -- who pretends he isn't scared to death"
Oh, well, do you fix refrigerators?	Sure
Friend of yours? Did you help him out of a bind?	Come on, Will. Everyone likes that story
Frank told me.	No he didn't
660 Marshall Street.  Tomorrow at 12:30, if you're interested.	If I'm not there by quarter of, I'm not coming
"""Straw God"" changed my life."	You saw that
What are you talking about?	Just that Rob seems to think it would be wiser to start a record label by putting out a record with business- crippling Nazi Youth shoplifters than with someone he knows in his bitter jealous heart is a musical visionary.  That's all
The primo stuff is great for pain.	I think my 'primo shit' got left in my 'bellbottoms.
I know it.  The old slaughterhouse.  Hey, Sal.  That little weasel we popped today?  He's got something for us.  I knew he would once he thought about it.	Shit, that was fast
Name it.	Information--protection--you might even want to hire me to go home and listen to the radio.  That's the funny part of my business-- once in a while, I get hired not to work.  Nice girl you were with last night. Known her long
Just for him?	Well he's the one shooting up all his guys, right? He's scared of the kid. Says he's real good, got every available gun in the city up there
In fact the only thing which looks like Dickie is you.	Hardly
I got two kids going to school there, and if I changed them from one town to another, they'd lose a grade.	No, they wouldn't -- they'd gain one! And I guarantee that they'll graduate with highest honors
How far?	We should be almost on top of it.  I just can't quite..
Enough.  It's better.  Please, Lambchop, it's better.  Stop. You're hurting it again.	How do you do.  I mean ... Excuse me ... I mean ..
I wish you didn't have to go so early.	Yeah, well, Larry and his friends are hungry.  And I did say I'd try to pick something up
What is this? What color is it?	Blue. It's Blue Velvet
All right, tell us, Rose, what makes you think you're pregnant?	I haven't had my period for three months and my stomach is getting big
How do you feel, DeJesus?	Okay
Listen, I was thinking, you know. Would you go, it's I think you're...	Do you want to go out with me 
Hello.	Hi
Oh, you meet them at parties and stuff.	I'll be damned. Boy, if you could get Ryan to say something about Hal Phillip Walker, wouldn't that be something
"And here I thought ""anarchy"" was just something cool to put on a Tshirt."	Come on, Xander. You used to stand for something. What happened to you, man? I thought you'd get it
Cotter?	I'm not finished
That's what I call a payday.	Hell yeah
Orsino…good name	But fearful of her virtue, she comes to him dressed as a bo
So he can kill you.  You hate your own life that much.  You beg for a hero to kill you.	I plan to live one hundred years
I'll tell Mr. Smith at once, sir. Have a seat.	Well, I got a seat, but I have no place to put it
You're a Holden Caulfield fan.	Who
Such a pretty day.  If I live to be 90 I'll never tire of mornings like this.  Mind you I'm 74 now.	No
Do you still ride?	Not for years
Will I go crazy or something?	No, no, it calms you, makes everything nice and smooth. Just takes the edge off like a beer, but in a fraction of the time
Is that what they're calling him?	They will once I hang it on him in tomorrow's edition
Buy you a drink?	Nope. I got a coffee. And a boyfriend
Because one, you've bet ten thousand francs he'd escape. Two, you have the letters of transit, now don't bother to deny it. And, well, you might do it simply because you don't like Strasser's looks. As a matter of fact, I don't like him either.	Well, they're all excellent reasons
I don't know how long I'll be stuck here.	I'm in no rush.  Maybe later we can talk
They only made the one episode. They've shown it about nineteen times.	I need a new PR guy
I'm on it.	Stay put.  Keep the camera trained on..
No, really..believe me - there isn't any more. This is it.	Well, it's enough for me
So, this is the last time I see you then unless I do bad?	No, this one doesn't count. It's part of the original one. So then ... until we meet again
Now Margo, don't overreact.  Cuthbert has to cut costs somehow.  My leaving makes perfect sense.  This isn't exactly early retirement.  I've overstayed the party a bit.	We can't do without you.  You're one of the foremost authorities on primitive pharmacology.  You're practically an institution around here
We could have cut it off at the main computer...	This served the purpose
Ambassador, I -- I had no idea you were here...  I think you know my crew...	I will speak with you alone, Kirk
Confess what?	Are you sympathetic to the former Czaristic government -- the White Russians
Whoever's behind my husband's death, why have they gone to all this trouble?	Money. How they plan to make it by emptying the reservoirs, that I don't know
Kip.	Yes, Kip. Short for Kipling. Named for the English writer of stories about India ... He bites into his pear ... Memphis says nothing, waits ..
And...?	He disappeared. Later he was found dead
Could be.	You gonna wind up working at a school crosswalk.   that doughnut's chocolate you, know
How are we feeling tonight?	No
Did you get it?	I got it. Listen, there's something else I have to tell you
Are you and Dr. Woodly engaged?	Who have you been talking to
Pictures don't lie.	Hell they don't. I met my first wife that way
It ain't always a blessing.  My brother here?	He's got blood in his eye
Sir, your rage has unbalanced you. It seems you would fight to the death against a knight who is not your enemy, for a length of road you can ride around.	So be it, to the death
Did you really ask?	I'm not sure I got the right person but they were a bit busy ..
I...	Ahhh..
Look, it isn't proof, okay? Someone may have put the chemical in the outlet, but we found it as a vapor in Cosgrove's clothes.	And the putty around the door
Really.	Didn't get it
Hello Lloyd.	Hello.  Heard about that graduation present.  Really quite a car. Look, I know you're busy, you don't' have to retain me, but you can trust me.  I'll tell you a couple of things about myself, I'm nineteen, been overseas for a couple of semesters, but now I'm back.  I'm an athlete, so I rarely drink.  Kickboxing.  You heard of kickboxing, sport of the future?  Don 'The Dragon' Wilson, Lenny [?] merciless, one of the champions of the sport?  I can see by your face, no.  My point is, you can relax because your daughter will be safe with me for the next seven to eight hours
You will come with me.	There is sand enough for only one life. Go now, save the other
Now who's the dreamer, Superman? Even you can't fly that fast!	We'll see how fast I can fly
Good.  I'm going to need your support.	Can't you just quit?  Walk away
Alright.	hang in there, ok. I love you
No.	Every suicide kills two
Then why do you think I married Frank? I was already pregnant, and I didn't have much time. Say what you like, but at least he gave my kid a name.	Good old Frank. And how is fat Mr. Grease Monkey these days
Kathy Price.	We find that your subscription lapsed..
Just promise me you'll be OK, OK?	I will. And you make sure you take care of yourself
Come on, you brought it up. Do you know anything?	I don't really know much but bits and pieces. I hear things. My room is right above my father's office. The ear, there's no corpse in the morgue missing an ear, and it did come off a living person. That's direct from the Coroner's Office. The person is unknown. There are a couple of cases I get mixed up on, but I think there are some people who were brought in for questioning on a murder case that could have something to do with the ear. I heard some of the same names
"""Assembly of Death"" did 95 million dollars the first weekend."	Yeaup, but those grosses are inflated
Don't give me this Kat, I'm doing it for you and your country.	What? You are crazy
Are you sympathetic to the former Czaristic government -- the White Russians?	On the contrary -- I don't want to have anything to do with them
You refused to comply with a direct order.	I was lucky to find, much less crack, the address code -- no way to be sure I could have done it again
Yes.	Very well.  Now your mother tells me she is arranging several dates for you with some young ladies. How do you feel about that
Look at me George. That meeting's not for me. Look at my face.	It's fine. You'll put on some make up and ..
My tits?	No, no, it's your energy or your attitude or the way you carry yourself or..
Do you think it's odd your kids don't hug you?	Should I
Mary, come on...	Go
You're okay, though, huh?	I'm-- Yes.  Yes, I'm fine.  I'm fine.  How are you
Exactly what are you looking for, Apollo?	...This man
You see, like you and I...	You are extremely sexy
You think we're going to be chased?	That's a good question. No. I don't. I'm just being hypocritical here. However, I will say -
That's all right.  There is nothing anyone can do about it.  You can call me Luke.	Thank you, sir.  I'm See Threepio, Human Cyborg relations, and this is my counterpart, Artoo Detoo
Go on.	Would you hurry up, please
Great line.	What if Shari's the dream
How's Dee?	Fine.  Good
So, where are you from?	You writin' a book or somethin'
There's something very dangerous about her. Something evil...	I know what it is. She has this lead container shaped like a gargoyle. Inside there's a silvery ring..
I...don't think so.	I woke to the sound of Zoe's breathing.  It was laboured.  I looked over and noticed she was sweating and all swollen.  I grabbed her, rushed to the kitchen, and splashed water on her face
My name's Lowell Bergman... I'm --	Did you say Berman
"Who is ""they?"""	Did they send you...Did they send you
Wait, wait, can I at least have his body?	Donated to science.  Perfect
There are millions of other species on Earth, Doctor. Only human arrogance would assume the message was meant for man.	I liked him better before he died
Ah, Dalai Lama, thank you for coming so late.	I leave tomorrow
I told you, I quit.	Just to keep me company, Sam -- I hate smoking alone.  How about you?  I thought all you IRA types smoked
Get out and leave it to me... be ready to leave on the night train for Amsterdam...	With the pearls
Half a million for you.  Half a million for me.  One-point-three five for the Colombians.	Nice doing business with you, George
Hey... hey.  Don't do that.	But the poor kid's going crazy. She'd rather know her father was dead than that..
Uh-uh.  No predetermined places and times to meet.  Give me their heading and radio codes and I will talk to them directly with the longs and lats and time which will be a last minute deal...	<u>You</u> give <u>yours</u> to me.  <u>We</u> position all the assets hauling our loads..
Hey! Where're you off to?	I'm going out, Dad
Listen to me. Please. Let's get off thsi ship. Come with me.	Rizzo, a shuttle out in the middle of space? We'll die oout there
Yikes -- I was hoping to wear this thing to the Halford's Friday.	That shirt
It is not an effort. You are my son.  Besides; I am most impressed with your performance in this -- crises.	Most kind, Father
No, the kids were actors, the townspeople were real. Her, the Sheriff, the Convenience Store guy--	--whatever; that's her
-- where? -	-- make the left -- toward the bridge -
You're reading?	Yeah. Can't believe you started such a dorky fad
No....	First time for everything is the best.  After that you know too much and it's never quite the same
I guess so.	I know so. He's a taker
What's a powerful man like you standing all alone for?  Dance with me?	I'm sorry, Miss, one of us needs to keep surveillance..
I guess I owe you a debt of gratitude.  You saved my life.	It was no time to lose my partner. We're going to have to hurry, he's on to us
So. What's it like having to fuck men you hate?	I don't hate you
White or black?	You mean, do I like to take the offensive?  Or hang back and wait
She got married last month.	Married
You've only been playing for two weeks, Bob. It takes a long time to learn this game.	You think I'm improving
Hey, peaches.	Oh my God!  Jimmy!  You... Oh my God!  What are you doin' here
And what are inappropriate levels of hostile attention?	Colonel, imagine the utter chaos that would result from un-led armies having at each other.  There must be gentlemen in command to lead and, when appropriate, restrain their men
Try standin' in the door and hollerin: Mama I'm home.	Llewelyn -
It was released in Philadelphia, probably on June 14, 1995.	And it appeared sequentially after that in...
And you get into any car you want and just drive off?	Not <u>any</u> car. I like to keep a variety. I'm always looking for the new experience, like this one. I liked it
It was a great pleasure to meet you, Mr. Merrick.	I am very pleased to meet you
Barnes used to work for him when he was still a cop in the field, remember?	Don't remind me
Yes I know.  I started to say... I started to say Joe that --	Do I put you off
Captain, I've found the Borg Sphere. It's on the far side of the planet...firing at the surface.	Intercept course, full impulse.  Weapons status
Owens!	70 seconds! You still got 70 seconds to level this beast out
Yes, but he's in a tremendous pain...	Well, of course, right..
She did not do it... please listen...	She is guilty
I under5tand.  All the same	-Ellie said she died when I was BORN!  She's been alive...? ALL THIS TIME...? Why have I been lied to when 
You know why I like the track?	You're a compulsive gambler
You couldn't face telling me what?	About Hippolyte Charles
Look, I don't know how much you want to know about any of this. You have one image of your father and it would be wrong for me to go and change it. Especially this late in the game.	My father talked about a lot of things he never did, and I'm sure he did a lot of things he never talked about. I'm just trying to reconcile the two
John?  Christ, he could fuck this whole thing up...what does he think he's doing?	How about his job
I think he's telling the truth.	He's not telling the truth
I'm not much of a gambler really. I just like this bar.	So why did you come to my casino
Give me back my comb.	I don't take orders from anyone
You? You kiddin'?  If the Gestapo would take away your Bloomingdale's charge card, you'd tell 'em everything.	That movie makes me feel guilty
Victor. I love you,	Elizabeth. My more than sister
Made no sense. Scared out of their minds, and the greatest stress reliever in creation right at their fingertips. Nada.	No sense at all.  I'm a little stressed
Mom?  What's wrong?	Nothing sweetheart
You're forgetting something.  the data banks say WE fired. If we did, the killers are here; if we didn't, whoever altered the data banks is here. Either way, what we're searching for is here...	What ARE we searching for, Mr. Spock
What's the matter with you?	Bluff -- Bluff -- all bluff
We were like sisters.  Knew everything about each other.	Must be tough for you.  What happened
Well... Okay. I would like you to help me find a...wife.	A wife
I know we cousins and all, but don't try an' hook me up with the big little sisters.	Big bitches need love, too, Craig
You're Holly.	Yeah, we're the Stanislavski Catering Company
It's not him.  It's <u>them</u>.  I can't live like this.	Just give Reed a little more time. You know how he works -- analyzing every little step before he takes one -
She came to us on the Day of the Dead.	El Dia De Los Muertos...A celebration in her country
Then will you teach me what I need to know.  Maybe we learn from each other, if that's possible, no?	This is a travesty.  A debacle
Well... at the coronation of King Charles VI...	Thirty years ago?  I'm not surprised it's gone..
"""Put the corporation at risk""...? Give me a fucking break!"	Lowell
You know a lot about art, I guess.	There's a rumor going around, maybe you've heard it
It's good.	God, I want to go home
All the more reason for us to continue his work with the poor!	No. He had more important work
But where did you finally end up?	It was futile. We went all over
Seems more like a year than a month.	Michael - this place is increadible.  You - you're brilliant...  The things you created..
How much of that story is true?	Everything but the boring parts
Ain't you got a little something for the infirm?	I'm a little short. I'll catch you next time
Alright, Roach, see you around.	Sorry about today, man
Come on, Bob.	I know it, man. Hang on
That's quite a story.	Yeah, I think the Times might be interested, don't you?  The Post might have a lot of fun with it, too
I know... 'Out in the good air...'	What's that
Who's in it? Debbie Reynolds, Desdemona, and Othello, Groucho Marx. You're happy?	I've seen it
Anything else?	Nothing else
Why did you say she might be hiding from me? Did she say anything to you about me?	Yeah, she thinks you're a dork
I had to.  You made me.	Bullshit, you killed him.  Not me. You did it because you couldn't stand the thought of Johnnie fucking you
If we still have one.	Yes..
Chauncey, this is Mr. Dennis Watson of the State Department.	Hello, Dennis
I can't marry you!  I can't ever marry you!	Dorothy
Know something Tommy? You're a mensch.	That a Jew compliment
You don't look like a native, if you don't mind my saying so.	No, I don't mind. I'm not from here. I was born in Italy
You're a l-lawyer?  I... I haven't had my meds, or m-my vital signs t-taken yet. I...	Mr. Stipe. A young man named Jimmy Chin was shot to death eight years ago, in Chinatown. Do you remember talking to the police
Why wasn't I told?  Any unpredictable behavior has to be reported.  Is that the best shot we can get?	What's to see
I ain't gonna tell you no more. No pushing in the neighborhood, especially not on my fucking street. You're killing your own people asshole.	Man, fuck you!!
It's one of those thoughts you keep to yourself.	Please tell me
I gave that up when my wife got sick.	Is that why you didn't write anything else
Yes, I did. It's terrifying! The police were at my house this morning.	Who on earth would want to harass poor Dottie Hinkle
He said he'll pick it up in a couple of days.	Oh... Okay
Oh, yes.	Will I be seeing you again
I wonder if she'd go out with me.	Apology hastily retracted
I sure an glad they let Scraps ride up here with us.	I bet Scraps is going to love Mercury
Don't let me dis...I'll just...	No, no...Please
And when might that be?	Now
It's just another case, Sailor.	What's that, peanut
It's this darned corset. It binds. He retrieves the stick.	No three-way stretch? How very un- chic
We're almost done piping in directly to the Olympia.  Should have it all in about an hour or so.	Excellent
What?	Do I make you horny? Randy, you know. To you, am I eros manifest
I thought it might be good for him to see the setup.	Well we can't talk in here.  They're having the place painted
I'm sorry.	"Don't be.  I never saw him after I was 15.  Went into the military early.  So all this talk about ""my job's temporary, I got big plans,"" it's all bullshit"
We need beer....	I'll be right there
Tomorrow morning.	Tomorrow m -- but I have to go to work. I've got a job
Okay...	My husband never dealt with money personally, certainly not cash
Sixty days?	Yeah. One minute you're studying Great Expectations and the next minute you're drawing the Holy Mary for some kid who tried to stab his girlfriend
Claire, I have to show up for the--	It's Saturday
Is something the matter?	GET OUT!
Leia ... What would you think if I went away for a while?	What did you say?
Never. No cigarettes, no drugs, no booze.	No underwear
Was that you laughing?	What
So cut both.	One shuts it down, one turns arms it
I told Mortier that he would answer with his life for any looting.	Our troops have no part in this.  It has been started by the Russians
Waxy Wright.  Didn't Jon Archer bust you for poisoning five members of the Canadian parliament?	They never should've voted against U.S. statehood -- the scumbags.  We heard you got wasted
Why are you here, why are you doing this? Coming in here -- you wanna call me a whore?	I don't want you to think that I'm that way to you -- I'm not gonna call you a slut or something -
Yeah, I guess so.	Really
Probably a little too long.	Do you study at all
Worst comes to the worst, we got his car for security.	I don't trust him
Just give me Elvis and I'll make sure you have enough money for a dozen ice cream trucks.	I don't ever wanna see another ice cream..
--amazing coincidence! Of all places in the world--to choose Willet Creek for his boys' camp!	Joe--I'm getting leery of this guy. We keep calling him dumb--and he keeps winding up in our hair! I'm telling you--when he finds out there's a dam going up where he wants his camp, he's gonna start asking questions six ways from Sunday-
What were you doing out here?	Drive by patrol
All right, what's it to be?  New Mexico's that way.	Colorado's close
You know, the place where you gave the bad guys the Codex.... the Mayflower Museum.	It's from the machine.  All they need is the crystal to run it and they have 2/3 of it already.  We can't let that happen
Then, let us try together. I'd regard it as such an honour. Tell me, what is this work?	A Mass. A Mass for the Dead
There are lots of reason... I had a thought that if you had sex with Simon it might...	Sex with Simon
Please don't waste my time, Comrade. Do your duty. Good-by.	I will do my best
And current theory holds that to sustain the sort of wormholes you're talking about, even for a fraction of a second, would require more energy than our sun produces in a year, is that correct?	I don't have the figures in front of me, but yes, that sounds about right
He'll give us a sworn statement.	We're inside the White House now
My wife used to call me Lenny.	Yeah
Can I play roller hockey?	We'll see
Say, 'Nigger, fuck me hard!'	Nigger, fuck me hard
How come Terrance and Phillip are so weird looking?	Cuz, dummy they're Canadian, just like Ike
Sir, yes, sir!	Those who I deem unworthy to pass through this camp will quit, and those who refuse to quit I will kill. You ever hear of a training accident -- give me a sir, yes, sir
What are you thinking?	Tomorrow I'm going to put Sean on the bus.  He won't want to go.  He never does.  He'll cry and want to hold on to me
Why you gotta front me like that? I'm talking to Kip --	Why don't you leave him alone
Why should I believe you?	It's the truth. In twenty-four hours you'll forget all about that girl
That's right.	San Francisco. An oasis of civilization in the California desert. Tell me, do you share my high opinion of San Francisco
I'll page you with the number.	Bye
The Klingons have a new weapon: a Bird of Prey that can fire while cloaked. She torpedoed Gorkon's ship.	So, that's it.
"Well, Daddy's got his box at the stadium, of course, and I'll fly to the Cowboy away games when they're in the Conference. Then there's the high school on Friday' nights. West Side got a boy 6'6"", 310, moves like a cat. High school, we're talkin'. Guess how much he can bench-press?"	Bunny, you--uhm--you on that same medication
Jesus, you'd like to kill me, too.	I wouldn't like to, but I will, if I have to
Things? What kind of things?	I mean...things.  Ted, Joanna's very unhappy and-
Okay, are you sure, cause, I mean, how do you know?  Because, see, the crime I'm investigating, the perpetrators were driving a car with dealer plates. And they called someone who works here, so it'd be quite a coincidence if they weren't, ya know, connected.	Yah, I see
I'm in possession of the bag he was carrying.  And I'm in a position to negotiate.  What about your husband and your child?	They're tied with duct tape so they can't speak -- but they seem to be -
Well, what's the difference, anyway?	Well, I'll give you a shot of sodium pentothal. You can sleep through it
Really?	My husband is a proud man, sir. He would be furious if he knew I'd come
Oh.  Well.  I think that can be arranged.	Not tonight.  Bad timing.  Sorry 
Survivors?  No, I wouldn't think so.	Then why am I here
Skip and I wouldn't have got together if it weren't for you. That's a big deal.	You would have met in some shower eventually..
Answer me only this: are you the author of the plays of William Shakespeare?	I am
Same time next week?	No. This is going to be our last session
Thanks. You're a real pal!  What're we goin' to do with it?	Plant it, Animal, and grow us a chicken for Christmas
No doubt.	Ellie..
That's what I tell someone when I'm trying to get them in my bed.	I'm already in your bed
It is.	Now I did some measuring down at the chandlery.  A D-6 is one inch wider than a D-8.  It would be too large for the deceased's well
Two tourists who never went home.	You helped him get this job
So what's the problem?	...got a strange call from the SEC. They asked to see my records... Bud, this is a heavy..
You were supposed to act as if everything was real.	Real, my ass. It's an overblown game.  Anybody ever catch that fucking psycho
This is not me! I am a professional fucking thief. I steal money. You try to stop me, god help you. But I don't kill people I don't have to, and I don't rape women. What you doin' ain't how it's done. Do you understand?	Seth, if you were me -
What's normal?	Normal is what everyone else is, and what you are not
Asshole. But she won't miss anything, that. You'll see.	Good, what are you going to do? Do you come back
Then why ain't he dead?	They didn't think he'd be so cagey, that's all.  They'll get him next time
What took you so long?	Wasn't sure it was you
Whadda we have to do -- kidnap the Pope?	How'd you know
Because, I'll take it.	I'm playing white, remember.  You can't tell me which pieces to move. It doesn't work that way
No, no, no! I winged him, and he dropped his gun.	You're in here for winging a guy
I don't want to talk about it.	Why not
Get some sleep.  And tell Sean I'm sorry.	Sean, that's right..
Herman.	So ain't this just the bee's knees? The high muckey-mucks dolled up all Aztec-like for the human sacrifice
He's only doing what you told him to.	What I told him to
I'm thinking of it.	How can you even think a thing like that
Yeah, but I'm okay. I've got some work to do.	You need my help
I was bewitched... it's better this way...	They told me you were dead
So long, darling. Good-bye. Take care of yourself.	Bill! Bill! Good-bye, Bill
Locked.	Stand back
Huh? Try and find a raincoat in Brazil. Even when it isn't raining  Lisa, on this job you carry one suitcase. Your home is the available transportation. You sleep rarely, bathe even less, and sometime the food you even look at when they were alive!	Jeff, you don't have to be deliberately repulsive just to impress me I'm wrong
Skipper, uh, the crew is pretty much doing group boot over the side.	Well, that's all part of it
Our pursuit ships have sighted the Millennium Falcon, My Lord.  It has entered an asteroid field.	Asteroids don't concern me, Admiral. I want that ship, not excuses.  How long until you can have Skywalker and the others in the Millennium Falcon before me
Nerves of steel.	No rust
I do.  More than anything.  But I am also a realist.  Soon this... what is your charming term -- ?  Dog and pony show will finally be over, and I will go home.	You're implying that the whole selection process is a sham
Naa, fuck this, this is nothing.  Oh, Lord -- this just got <u>Big</u>.  I see it -- <u>Big</u> -- Big for <u>you</u> and big for <u>me</u>.	What are you talking about
I don't think either Metropolitan or National should cover the story.  I don't think we should cover the story, period.	Go on
I didn't expect to see you again.	Same here. But I had a long talk with my accountant this afternoon. You know, to see how a move like this would affect my tax picture, and he said it would be okay
I have.  Spent six months in Vienna with Professor Freud - flat on my back -  - then there were the Mayo Brothers - and injections and hypnosis and mineral baths - if I weren't such a coward, I'd kill myself.	Don't talk like that.  I'm sure there must be some girl some place that could 
That ain't the worst part.  Her little sister, Baby D.  She's the one that gets real physical.  But I got a restraining order on her, too.	You got a restraining order on a little girl named Baby D
How nice. You remembered. But of course, that was the day the Germans marched into Paris.	Not an easy day to forget
Yeah.	Why're you crying
If you tell me where the leads are, I won't turn you in.  If you don't, I am going to tell the cop you stole them, Mitch and Murray will see that you go to jail.  Believe me they will.  Now, what did you do with the leads?  I'm walking in that door--you have five seconds to tell me: or you are going to jail.	I..
Wounded?	No.  A chromium alloy tipped .45 caliber bullet bounced off that thing's skull like a spit ball.  I think it was bothered by my light
I have to admit there was a moment there when --	Hold that thought
He owned the colored roadhouse before Big O--	He still living
I don't understand...	Sybok, you are my brother, but you do not know me. I am not the outcast boy you left behind those many years ago. Since that time I have found myself and my place. I know who I am. And I cannot go with you
Want some bridge mix?	Oh, no thanks ..
But if it can't be done, how's he gonna do it?	That's the point, Dickey
That's all you got from him? That bastard helped take your life away from you.	No, he didn't
Joe Saracini. He was a mason that did some repairs on the brickwork at the rear of the house. That was in 1952.	1952...
What for?	Because I don't feel safe until I get the lights on
Amtrack?	What
Watts?	What's his first name
H-E-Z-T...	Oh, let me see. No, no that's not the cue. It means she has to sit down
We're getting out of here just in time.	There's now a problem with the weather for pickup.  There's a typhoon in our sector... ...We're going to be delayed twelve hours..
No. It's a lot further than that.	It's the future, isn't it? Just like you told Scrimm.  I knew you weren't from around here
These rooms are solid stone. They haven't changed.	You can't be too careful
How should I know?	Show me his physical sensory level
Of course. He saw you moving yours.	But perhaps he understood -
How ya doin', Ronald. Staying comfortable?	Didn't think you'd make it
...Page 414, 'If a patient has taken nourishment within one hour prior to inducement, general anaesthetic should be avoided at all costs because of the grave risk the patient will aspirate food particles into his mask.'  Is that what happened to Deborah  Ann Kaye?  She aspirated into her mask?	She threw up in her mask, yes. But she hadn't eaten one hour prior to admission
No. I just wanted to see if you could light it that way. The guy at the newsstand can.	Ah, yes, the guy at the newsstand, Mr. Asbestos..
Swarthout. Yes. He's the man who sold us the ranch in --	Wrong. He sold you $3,000 worth of scrub brush
Oh, that Vrykolaka business. You mustn't be too angry with him, Thea. He's an old man and now with all this trouble —— the disappointment in not being able to lead his own army to victory -- cooped up here waiting for death - naturally his mind goes back to the things he believed when he was an ignorant lad in some mountain village.	He keeps asking for the name of my father and mother
No, c'mon, I wanna know. I wanna keep score.	The bills are right here. You didn't say what you wanted
You volunteered?	It was an honor.  A chance to meet the legend.  Sarah Connor.  Who taught her son to fight...organize, prepare. From when he was a kid.  When you were in hiding, before the war
You'll let me go now?	You will tell the truth
It's a long story.	ya hyutn slulptsa
Daddy says Rose is calm as lettuce. Do you believe that, Doll?	No
Can I get you a drink?	Whatever you're having
That's disgusting!	...a monstrosity!  Who would do that
Just the two of you?  What about the crew?	Oh, that's all taken care of.  I'm giving them shore leave.  We'll have a little cold pheasant - and champagne - and I checked with the Coast Guard - there'll be a full moon tonight - oh, and tell her I got a new batch of Rudy Vallee records 
I don't know.	How can the sphere do that
Everyone takes his turn.	It is the work of untouchables
Mrs. Semple is entitled to one- third of the estate.	One-third? That's about $7,000,000 isn't it
I'm sorry, Bull. It's never easy. He was a good soldier.	The best friend I ever had
You'll be getting me sad next.	I'm sorry.  I don't mean to take out my frustration on you.  You've been a great help to me, and I've let you down
If I'm sad, or tired, or sometimes when I'm angry or when somebody's being mean to me.	Pretty much the same reasons I was crying.  But things will be better when we move to a new place
You're not a team player.	Don't point at me
What happened to them?	If you don't mind a suggestion, you might try a saliva test
Merely to welcome you to Casablanca and wish you a pleasant stay. It is not often we have so distinguished a visitor.	Thank you. I hope you'll forgive me, Captain, but the present French administration has not always been so cordial. May I present Miss Ilsa Lund
Oh, make that uniform blue.	Yes, sir
You know, little sister, I never resented you for refusing to see me in the... the hospital. I knew you had to manage on your own before you could come back.	Thank you for understanding, Mama
Aren't you?	What's the matter with you? Do I look gay to you
No. No. Be a doll and just get me a Perrier, okay?	You look nice today
I can.	So why are you wasting your time in a small town? You're a big man. You should be in the big city
I shall be all right.	You send me a wire as soon as you arrive
Because they bring out the flavor of the champagne.	Jesus, you act like you're seducing some Valley girl you picked up in a dance club
Fine, then we don't have deal.	Fine, then we don't have a deal
What have you come as?	Cupid stupid! That's the last time I am getting any more fruit off you Tom. Call that fresh? There was more small hairy armoured things in your fruit than there was fruit. You should open a butcher's, not a grocer's
I thought I put you to bed.	Oh, was that me you put to bed? Thanks. I've been looking all over for you
Don't worry about us, sir.  We're solid.	Now wait, there's been a mix-up. Everything's changed..
Where are the women?	They should be here any minute
And you've been extremely patient.	You know why, don't you? Because I am patient, chain-smoking Lillian
Just now...	Yes
I needed a pilot's license to take the job here, so I got one in six weeks.	That makes the flight more interesting
Resentful.	When you have a lot of time to think, it's funny who you remember.  It's the people who challenged you.  It is the quality of our opponents that gives our accomplishments meaning.  I never told you how sorry I was about what happened after we returned
Look, this is serious now.  They're talking serious money --	And, what, I'm not serious
I have a CB in my truck, we could get some help out here.	Who the hell would you call
Maybe... but you're the one whose ass is dragging.	Is that the technical description of what I've got
No sir! I swear! This is not true!!	You disappoint me, Number Three
Where is he?	Let's go see
That the word on our boy?	Yeah, this is Skinny
I thought I was going to see Max.	You misunderstood.  No one sees Max
...aren't you afraid of me...?	You want me to be
You like laughing at the misery of others?	I'm sorry, I couldn't help it. Let me make it up to you
A... A  sweaty-toothed madman.	Now there's the poet speaking!  Close your eyes and think of the picture. Describe what you see.  NOW
That's what gives me The Fear.	Look over there. Two women fucking a Polar Bear
Look, Ma, no wires.	You shouldn't have followed me, D'Amour
Are you sure?	I'll honk four times so you'll hear it and know she's on her way up. Okay
Congratulations. I heard about that.	YOUR SURPRISE, CHET. HER NAME IS LIL
Don't worry, son. That's Captain McIntyre, and he's the best chest surgeon in the Far East and maybe in the whole U.S. Army. He'll fix you up fine. Your daddy saw to that.	Just like we thought, it's a routine problem. Nurse, who's in charge of operating room preparations
Fuck it's over.  That money's mine.	That money's fucked up your brain. Talley's going to get tired of waiting for us to give up, and we'll all be fuckin' killed
Yes, I believe there won't be any more talk of the NLF for some time.	Let's hope forever
Bullshit.	No, no, no
A Fugitive Alert for a murder suspect. Before somebody else gets a shotgun blast in the spine.	Try the Fort Laramie Treaty. All over again
I've lost my knack.	After that wonderful first book —- after all the adulation and the good reviews
I tried...	Nobody leaves Cuervo Jones. Not unless you give your life. You fight till you're dead. Then I forgive you.  Understand?  Understand
Look, you heard what those hookers said. They were supposed to go to a bachelor party.	That doesn't mean it was Rick's party
Did I kill him? Of course not!	No, did you fuck him
Another coincidence.	Yeah
What?	You gotta tell a story too, Brian. It's fair. C'mon, don't think too hard -
Because my mother gave them to me. What do you care?  They're no good to you on the secondary market anyway.	Whatever you say, John
Yeah.	Then stand there an' wait till I'm done -- Creed's good, yeah, he's real fine but I gotta boy, y'know Big Dipper, who's got the stuff it takes to be a champ -- He's mean, quick, an' big -- What more d'ya need? Okay, go to work...  Hey -- Yeah -- Whatta ya want
Pardon me, I've had a few things on my mind--like putting this safari together.	Like how weirded-out you are with this pregnancy thing
You really want to go?	Of course
If you told him so, he'd give me the part. He said he would.	After all you've said... don't you know the part was written for Margo
Otho?	It's too late, Charles.  I'm sorry
Funny, I don't feel lucky.	We're coordinating with Palmdale P.D.. We'll have your sorry ass covered
Too demure?	I think you should go with red. It's the color of confidence
So, human... you've met your better self!	What are you doing to Counsellor Troi
Ten, fifteen minutes ago.	Why didn't you come in
Eating is eating... and...	And talking is talking! Well, I think we better get on
What you say, faster?	I said you bastard -- stop -
No, thanks. The fellows in the office may get the wrong idea how I found out.	So let 'em. Look, I'm going to cook dinner for us. We'll have the fruit cake for dessert. You just sit there and rest. You've done enough for one day
No.	How come
Take it now.	What about tomorrow
It is, Doolittle, it's the Phoenix! They glow with all the colors of the rainbow, just like everybody said.	No kidding
Just what is it you think I can do for you?	You can tell me how someone... could fake a prevision
I don't have it anymore?!	When I was a kid I wanted to scorch the world too - - I had all kinda dreams about making great pictures and telling great stories. But all that's finished for me-
No!  I'm saying that for your sake you have to make a clean break with your brother!	But, please, Steve, please - one step at a time!  I was born only yesterday!..
Maybe.	It's not normal, not reading letters from home
It consoles the bereaved family ta see the perpetrator take his load of juice. We try to oblige.	But if ya can't catch the guys..
Paul, this will be our legacy.	It will
It can buy you a new and better you.	"I just don't know if this says, ""me"". What's the fabric"
Get away from that door.	I want to say something first
These girls, kidnapped during the last month and sold overseas to the highest bidder.  The oldest is twelve.  The youngest about the same age you were when you escaped.	And I feel real bad about all that but it doesn't mean I need to get involved
Come on.	...where
Indian records?	You know, like weird 1960's Indian rock n' roll music
Nah - I had a shmuck of an uncle named Lucas.    Grayson.	Where are you gitting these...?  Aaron --- if it's a boy
'Bout seven.	I'll be waiting
Did you see that sucker burn?!	Man, we totally annihilated his night-stalkin' ass
So?	These are private -- these are for us
David, David, David ...	I'm fired?  Because I let a... copy of a painting the get stolen
You know, you sure got a hard-on for a guy that's guilty of zip on paper.  Top Dollar runs Showtime; what's the matter, don't you like adult entertainment?	This sack of shit is called Tin- Tin
You think I would be an idiot to pass up five million dollars.	You would be
Yeah?  Say, you're sold on the John Doe idea, aren't you?	Sure
I don't expect you to be pleasant.	I don't intend to be
One lousy letter eighteen months ago. . . .I try to throw a fuckin' case your way ...	... hey, I don't need your charity ..
Of course I'm not here -- because the whole thing never happened -- I never took those pills -- I never loved you -- we never even met -- isn't that the way you want it?	There you go again -- you know I didn't mean it that way, Fran. Just get well -- do what the nurse tells you -- I mean Baxter -- and I'll see you as soon as I can. Bye, Fran
The official cause of death was a cardiac arrest.	The official cause
I am Sir Lancelot of the Lake, from across the sea. I am the best knight in the whole of Christiandom, and I look for the king who is worthy of my sword's service.	--That is a wild boast. You lack a knight's humility
What do you mean?	I just fired Bob Alexander
You don't mind, really, do you, Roy? It's been such a wonderful evening, I guess I just wore myself out.	Sure. I'm pretty tired myself
Data, this isn't the time.	I am sorry, but I cannot stop myself. I think something is wron
Five bucks an hour. That's the going rate, isn't it?  It's a quarter past two now. My wife's picking me up at five-thirty, so that'll give you about three hours. If you can't finish today, you can do the rest tomorrow.	Is there a benefits package, or are you hiring me on a freelance basis
The girl with the purple fingernails?	That's her--tall hungry woman with fire in her eyes. It was great
We're exploring <u>every</u> possibility.  We are in pursuit.  How much more do you want me to tell you?	Pursuit would indicate that you know exactly where he is
Why?	Forget why. Do you want it or not
There'll be spoils aplenty if you guide us there.  Once we breach the walls, help yourself to all you can carry.	That very nice
You?  Don't make me laugh.  You can't take care of shit.  You've been dicking me around since we started on this turd-hunt.  All you're good for is games... So far, what I got outta you is nothin'...	I'm impressed with you too, Jack you did a real good job of busting up a couple of dykes bedded down for the night
That's so beautiful...	I beg your pardon
He hears...everything.	As a matter of fact, I do
See where I'm pointing?	Yes
You've used up your grant. The electric bills alone exceed your annual salary.  Not to mention the potential hazards of your radioactive fuel.	I don't care.  Cretin
What evil?	They came from Palace and took sivalinga from out village
This.	The Grail Diary
Neighborhood Watch? Is that what you call listening in on stranger's phone conversations?	These ain't strangers, they're neighbors. This only picks up signals in a half-mile radius
Well, Mr. Intuition... When the neighbors report screaming and we hear nothing but silence, what does that lead you to believe?	I guess it's simple, huh?  They're either gone... or dead
Oh, sure, I unnerstand, I didn't mean to -	No, no, that's fine
I don't know where to go.	We'll find you a hotel
Nice car. How much did you pay for it?	Too much. Eighteen hundred
Australia.	Yes -- Australia, and you must have suspected I would have known the powder's origin, so I can clearly not choose the wine in front of me. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           46
"Bullshit.							*"	"His name's James F. Grantz, John G. Check		   * your tattoos.							 "
I started wondering -- if you couldn't switch back -- would it make a difference?	Would it
That kind of propaganda is bad anywhere, but inciting the attendants of a powder room to go on strike.... Well, if she succeeds the consequences will be disastrous.	What can I do about it
Oh--nothing--nothing. My idea is-- for the Government to lend us the money--and the boys'll pay it back-- sending in a penny or a nickel--no more than a dime--no, gosh--the Government's got enough on its hands without--	Great!  The Government's putting dough in too many places *now*
I'm no easier to live with than he was.	There -- you're a new man
What'd the Messican mean, a sick Horse's gonna get us?  Didn't make No sense.	"He was quoting the bible, Revelations: ""Behold a pale horse And the one that sat on him was Death and Hell followed with him."
You leave me so--so without-- without dignity.	People now have dignity when frying eggs
You can send me the address too.	Well...dammit, if I'm doing this, how the hell am I gonna watch
Whatever...they become the hotshot computer guys so they get the job to build El Computer Grande...Skynet...for the government.  Right?	That's the way it was told to me
What do you want from me?	Honestly? I want to - once every few months - get into my car. Pack a lunch. And drive on up to Chino. On visiting day. Bring you some magazines. Maybe some almond clusters. And see you all bright and shiny in your orange jumpsuit. That's what I want ..
Salvatore. My young Caesar. First me, Sallie. Then you.	The name's Charlie
Ow?...	It'l be alright
No, stay off the line!  You'll break her loose!	The clip's not gonna hold
Hank! All of a sudden. Because now you're famous and he can get something from you. I don't wan you to become a victim like Marcia.  Not that you're a victim, honey. You're not. Life's just been a little hard on you, sweetie.	What do you think. I mean about... him. Should I just... have nothing to do with him? I mean..
uh uh.	Are you feeling okay
Can I see him?	You can do anything you want. You're his sister
You told me that she was a little tall, but that she wasn't bad looking at all.	Millie's been after me to fix her up with a date, so I..
Paulie. Why would I? I swear.	You're only home early because we got you a job, right? And I don't need any heat. You understand
Each day is better than the next.  Have you ever been, you know... in love with someone?	Nah
Jesus Christ! What's that smell?	<i>The children like to urinate in the balls.</i
Peter...	I've got be here for the police when they come.  Then I've got to practise. In case you forgot I'm in the middle of a match right now
Am actually laying my hand on the twenty-five foot gorilla.Ladies and gentlemen! I am touching the beast!	Take your filthy paws off him -you ignorant pig
Miss Swann.	Miss Swann, if you'll be so kind
Sailor... Lula loves you.	But I'm a robber and a manslaughterer and I haven't had any parental guidance
Ask them.	I'm afraid there's too much bitterness... on both sides
An evening gown.	Evening gown
Your high school friend who went around saying 'Me lay, you lay?' to all the young females in the community. As I remember, you said it was quite a successful approach.	Well, he wouldn't score more than once in seven or eight tries, but the important thing was he didn't waste time socializing. Anyway, Trapper John, this is Me Lay
Gee, I wish I'd been there.	I'm going to see him again tonight - and every night - I think he's going to propose to me - as soon as he gets up his nerve
A hot story, huh?	It was hot, yes
I meant on my grandmother's grave. Don't be so technical, Hildy. What's the story?!	Well, this expert Dr. Egelhoffer, from New York, decides to make Williams re-enact the crime -
You're looking fit.	Fit? You want to check my teeth.  Good crowd today. I think you'll have some fun. You going to stay for dinner
I got a call from my firm this morning saying don't come in.	Why
And mean it...	Can we order first
I'll give you what you need -- I have money.	Oh no -- that would spoil everything. I'll -- I will manage somehow -- I'll manage myself. I will go with you. When does the train leave
Hey Lex, ahhhchooo!  Hey Lex, com here.	What
When they lost this rock their fields and animals died. They also said their children were taken from them.	I think that's enough of this nonsense, Dr. Jones..
I'm okay ... I'm okay ...	You know more than the Doctor? You're not okay, look at you.  Come on ...  ... let's get him out ..
What's that?	An eye -- for performance.  You know the truth when you see it.  I know.  I've seen your movies.  I love your movies
Kill the people.  Got your key?	See you home..
The crowd goes wild.	478..
Or what? You've gone round the bend --	West had a partner. Someone who knew how to get things done
I gotta leave first thing in the morning.	That's great
Bastard.	Name so Susie Barrington.  Daughter of the eminent historian, Anne Barrington, step-daughter of the scandalous Matthew Byrd the acclaimed sack-artist..
Jesus.  How much do you know about Dyson?	I have detailed files
What's he do?	He's trying to be an actor
You do what you want with your own scalp.  Do not be tellin' us what to do with ours.	You, sir! You call yourself a loyal subject
Who knows.  Plato?	What
What is it?	That woman -
Whattaya mean?	Those two we brought back with us. The girl and the kid.  I don't trust 'em.  I say we terminate 'em while we can
She's gone to the theatre -- don't you know?	Yes
Holy Christ....	Mom...
Tired... And I'm getting tired of being so tired. Other than that, I'm doing very well.	No headaches
I've got meetings this afternoon, I've got to get some sleep. Just pick a girl.	That's alright, I'm kinda tired
I like Bodega Bay as well as any man. If I thought...	Then help me, Sebastian. You're an important man in this town. If you'll help, the rest will
Can't leave me now.	Aha
Brad!	I'm sick of hearing about that lame dog.  I've got a lot going for me.  I'm going places.  I'm going to be someone.  I'm gonna win my way into the lives and hearts of people even if I have to kill to do it.  I'll make the pathetic little crumbs love me. I don't even know why I'm wasting my time here with you.  I should be with my people..
No!	It'll chop up half a million dollars of your tropical fish in two minutes
Don't speak to me in absolutes. The evidence is contestable.	I apologize
I have this overwhelming desire to kiss you, Ellen Brody.	Why
What did you say?	Dad said it first
Hildy, I thought you were gone --	Well -- I was going, but Mollie fainted away and I thought I ought to do what I could
What kind of a deal?	Let us get to the border
What does it take to kill you?	I suppose you're in your taxi
I'll take them all.	You must have quite some harem
And I'm telling you:  You wanna throw a Birthday Party:  Every kid gets a Chance to Play, that's <u>fine</u>, but...	No, I don't get you..
No, I'm not.  I'm writing a sequence of random numbers that look like I'm doing the extra credit problems.  Mr. Bender doesn't bother to check homework past April.	That's my trick
Martha Louise Livingston.	Are you married
That is not so -- you don't want to be alone.	I want to be alone -
I've got some news. Your daughter's all right. At least I think she is.	Where is she
Really?	Yeah. I mean for months I've been seeing you with Ray you being his girlfriend and I kept wishing you were my girlfriend... But, you know, what could I do
I don't think about it one way or the other. But if you want, give me a day or two, and I'll get back to you. Now I'd like to go home.	I want the rest of the pictures
You're going to be late!	He shouts, too
But it seems to be enough to condemn him.	Indeed
To be what?	Different
No sound at all?	No, it was a table
And the passage to the barn?	Yes
The females have eggs....	We'll pass around cigars...
I went to a few just to meet women. But I don't like to dance, and it's so fuckin; loud. During that whole scene I just drank in bars.  Who didn't make the cut?	That's a picture of me in Japan
I'm not gonna let that bastard take my money	Take your money? This guy will blow up your house and everyone in it
We are being fucked with here, someone or something.	Domini
It wasn't your fault, Alex.	Wasn't it?... I have a dream almost every night now.  The Lady and the Tiger, you remember that story?  In the dream I'm alone in a huge chamber with a thousand doors. Behind every door, save one, is a tiger.  I have to make the decision.  Which door conceals Emma?  And I just stand there... looking at the doors..
What about the body that fell out of the window -- ?	Who the hell knows?  Maybe he was a stockbroker who looked at the Dow Jones and opted for early retirement
Have the car painted.	Santini will do that for 25 dollars
I...	A cheap wine glass from the caterers.  You started crying.  I tried to comfort you..
Jesus, I'd like to book him into a psychiatrist's office.  He comes in here ranting and raving, dumping his crap all over the place ... Could you prove it, Edgar?	I always get my man
Ah, what'd you say, Pinback?	Mafhkin oble groop..
How did you feel when he died?	I loved him.  I hurt
Get up.	What
Hello.	Hello Paul. Is Telly inside
Or less. What you describe is called Fal Tor Pan - the refusion. It is very dangerous. The elders may not choose to attempt it.	And if they don't.? What will Happen to Spock
That's the part that always makes me feel like I'm gonna puke -- when we accelerate into light speed.	Quit complaining; we're in space
Where you going at this hour?	What're you, a cop? I'm goin' out -- business
That's a nice piece of heat right there.	Thank you.  I only got two bullets in the mothafucka, but it's better than nothing
That's it?	Yeah
I'm almost ready -	Sit in this chair, and I'll pose you
Then wouldn't we also know if he's here?	Hold it
Hey Sherman.  Scopin' the babes.	Indeed.  Some fine ladies here, boys. Confidence is high, repeat, confidence is high. Sherman is moving to DefCon Two, full strategic arsenal ready for deployment
I haven't slept in weeks.	Why don't you try counting sheep
What were you, following me?	How do you reconcile the two
You're thinking about killing him. I can't do that.  No way.  I've never killed a man.  Never even shot at one.	"Well neither have I, but it's us or him.  If he talks, or writes a note	or whatever, he's gonna turn us in.  Besides, he's just a low life scumbag.  His kind is hardly even human anyway"
I might point out, Agent Mackelway, the reason we haven't been able to crack those rooms is that you refused to share that information with us -- which is also why you were reassigned.	I had gotten their trust. We were sharing fantasies. I couldn't risk it
I'm rash and I'm stupid and what am I doing with you?	I don't know, I'm afraid
How many more?	Just him, sir
Great, or maybe we could go somewhere and just eat a bunch of caramels.	What
Why would you help me?	I like you, Theo. You bowl with soul
Eight Days To Go	I <u>live</u> for midnight, when I can tear another of those suckers off.  Watcha got for me
Sh-sh-she did! Everybody did!	Who? Tell me
I'd want her statements before we reach porch. Jesus, women.	Yeah, like you'd be a rock after everything she went through
What are you going to do?	I want everybody out of here. We'll need a lot of commotion on the compound
I will not leave without the twins.	We have to get out of here Tatiana
It sounds like you were banished.	Banished... yeah
-- if you stop saying things about my Zee.	"Your Zee? Hmm.  ""From women's eyes this doctrine I derive: they sparkle still the right Promethean fire; They are the books, the arts, the academes, that show, contain, and nourish all the world."
Oh, right.  Yes.  Harvey says the guy's a sweetheart.  Wouldn't hurt a fly.	Huh
Stop complaining.	A gentleman would offer water
...Anaheim...	...Whatever. Things are different here. It's not like New York, Mikey
What's all them books?	Different ones. The Bible's one of 'em
--fifteen phone calls--	---fifteen or more phone calls from the burglars in Miami to Gordon Liddy at CREEP-
Alamo...	GUARD!!
All right.	Great. Grab his feet. We'll throw him in the trunk
We're anxious to know who this man is -- the one calling himself Dyle.	Maybe he really is Dyle. He could still be alive
Nobody's ever crossed the Rainbow Bridge to Asgaard.	We'd be the first
I mean it, there is only three of us here.	Plank
'I, Ethan Edwards, being of sound mind and without any blood kin, do hereby bequeath all my property of any kind to Martin Pauley...'  I don't want your property.... 'Sides, what do you mean no 'blood kin?' Debbie's your blood kin...	Not no more
Oh my God, we're too late!	Mr. Sulu: full power descent
"I'm about to be very silly.  A man passes a girl on the street--a very lovely girl--his eyes meet her eyes, and something reaches out and takes hold of his heart-- and then she goes on and is lost in the crowd--and he says to himself, ""There goes my lost love""-- and it's true--if he never sees her again, it's still true.  Of course, after a while, he forgets-- or almost forgets--because after a while we forget almost everything.  But this man is a copper.  He gets orders--routine orders--to go to a place and investigate a murder-- and everything points to a certain girl."	Points very straight to her
My partner...	Detective Eckhart!  I know!  Welcome to Nightmute
Things got a lot worse.	You and Candy...
Yes.  You see, the truth is, Trinity, that we humans have a place in the future.  But it's not here. It's in the Matrix.	The Matrix isn't real
Wow!	What
It's not <u>you</u>, it's...	No, what is it
Look. Why the hell did you bring this up. It never occurred to me to take her out.	Then give me your word you won't
What are you going to do now? Call the police?  Take him away? I must warn you he’s terrified of men, so...	Shut up
You're not going to like it in Chicago.  They wind comes howling in from the lake.  And there's practically no opera season at all - and the Lord only knows whether they've ever heard of Lobster Newburg -	That's all right.  What are you going to do about Emily
There's so many I just can't keep track.	Well, can you give him this for me
What girls you got here?	My name is Hope. This is Faith.  Charity's in back
You're leaving me for him, aren't you? Well, that makes a sad sort of sense. He can't, and you won't.	I'm not going to discuss this with you anymore. You're making no sense
...I feel that my government owes me a little restitution.	Us.  Owes us
Why a beret?	Cause you can crush it and put it in your pocket
I'm not surprised.	Listen, Elena, if you're gonna pull that passive aggressive stuff on me again -
Those are the words of a broken spirit.  My spirit is whole.  I have trusted d'Artagnan with my deepest secrets, and I will never believe he is my enemy.	Then you are a fool -- a fool who has never lost a son.  What gives you the right to judge me, to play God with the lives of others?  Is it because you are so much holier than everyone else?
Oh, Jimmy, can't you forget about your career for one second?	-- Planet. I mean, you were there. Do you think it was natural, or like some people are claiming, supernatural
You're Pam?	If you say so
Sorry Katka, but I'm with Doug on this.	You're outnumbered Kat two to one, got to go with the majority, that's democracy
I think so.  I'm not sure... Are you?	I'm okay
That's right, yeah.	A week ago it was my business, now it's none of my business. In other words, when you need me to take care of somethin' for you, then you need me
Wow, you got thrown out? For Dante?	What can I say? He does weird things to me
Seems this piece of mail came to Mr. Howard's place this mornin' and he had me to bring it over here.	Well, let me have it
You see that?	Briggs, Geko, movement beyond the boxed fuselage
Woody!  Buzz!	Oh, great, you found them.  Where were they
Are we...?	Are we what, Jack
Who's this fuck?	He's a friend. from the neighborhood. we were just talking
Keep quiet. These miserable brats only get in the way.	You'd like me to kill them
Forget that. Come on. Got a little surprise...	I can't go like this. Can't you wait a few minutes 'til I'm ready
... Yeah.	Have you cooked the burgers
You know what I want?  I want you both to be friends.  I know you both, respect you both. You should be friends.	Nothing would please me more
Careful!  They're not supposed to hurt you.	You've got to let me go
I hate that.	Sorry. Let's go back to the van right now
And we're going to have to do something about your hair.	Anita
What time's this party tonight?	It starts at eight..
And ze rope?	Check
No Chinese man discovered electricity.	Yes he did.  He also invented the bicycle
What's your real name?	Roy
It ain't the law!	The law. Well the law is a human institution
This makes no sense.  Isabella was supposed to crash her van into a lake.  Could we have altered her destiny when we had her arrested?	I don't think so.  Alex's premonitions happened exactly as he saw them no matter how much we tried to change it
And we intend to use them!	Where's Bella
They make it hard for you to get away with your business, huh?	Temporarily
Try again.	Shot dead in Paris. Dead the night you walked out
...Oh, come on! You think the same thing!	I just could never say it
My children. And Richard didn't like my working.	Do you miss it
Is he awake?	He just fell asleep. Josephine's with him
I will be glad to leave this island. It has too much of that old dark world about it. I will be glad to leave it and that girl ——	Thea
That's the whole point, Jeffrey. That's the whole point. Anyone's. Everyone's. They are gonna look under every rock, dig up every flaw, every mistake you've ever made. They are going to distort and exaggerate everything you've ever done, man. Don't you understand?	What does this have to do with my testimony
We gotta two battalions and one Frenchman.	I wish you were still working for me, so I could ask you to resign. How're ya fixed for cavalry
He don't tip?  You don't tip? Why?	He don't believe in it
What?	The ghost can be barefoot.  <u>Give</u> <u>me your shoes</u>
I know you're not.	Are you afraid of me
I'll have to do better than that.	You will.  What do you want, Victor
Did you see the reviews?	Yeah, I saw the
Left jacket pocket?	Roger that
Wings?	"We used it for our expose on overweight flight attendants--""Is That Why They Never Give You a Second Bag of Nuts?"
What's this?	A fine, for five hundred dollars
Uncanny!	I don't get it
Good, Travers.  It might catch on, like shooting skeet.	You dumb bastard, you waited too long.  If he made it back, this place would have been covered with police in a few hours.  The way we're moving, it's going to be anyway
Four four.  A record.	You don't seem too happy about it
I understand.	It's not going to be easy
A good Immigration lawyer could stall the process.  Eddie recommended one.	No matter what happens...I'm glad I met you
Why, indeed?	Could I let Batman go? For Dick. For me. Could I leave the shadows? Have a life. Friends. Family..
Where'd you hide the 'Beach Closed' signs?	We never had any. What's the problem
Poor Mickey -- when I think of him all by himself in that jail in Havana --  -- want to see his picture?	Not particularly
William Munny, yeah.	Same one as shot Charlie Pepper in Lake County
It was more in passing.	"You're so far off!  Hal... Hal Sinclair... your co- star.  Remember now?... No, I don't think he's put on weight.  Anyway, you think he's right for ""Eternity Forever""?... not the right type?... a different direction...  I'll try to talk her into it"
Well, your mother's going to PTA today.  We'll see what your teacher has to say.	Aw, Mom! I hate Mr. Stubbins
Oh, no.	Who is it
You look like dogshit.	He looks a little shrunk, that's all
You just got back from a four game road trip.	Nona, don't start bitching.  I got maybe two years left to play.  I'm just trying to put some things together for us
And you thought you'd come and settle the score?	You were the only man who knew the desert well enough, the only man who would cross seventeen hundred miles of nothing
But, why must you confront him?	Because...there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I have to try
How?	It's that rat bastard from Pittsburgh. He ratted you all out. He's been a rat since he got busted in Pittsburgh
Not anymore you don't. It's obvious.	I can't believe you're reacting this way. You're just saying this because you lost the bet
"The ""Odessa Dunk""?"	It worked in Odessa..
Separate bedrooms?	Yes
Truth is, I'm a little nervous.	YOU? Nervous? Why on earth should you be nervous
You're not gonna give up on me, are ya?	What do you mean
Who, me?  Why, I'm not a witch at all.  I'm Dorothy Gale from Kansas.	Oh!  Well...
I know what you are thinking, Vitone, but you don't understand yet how things are.  Fanucci is of the Black Hand.  Everyone in the neighborhood pays him, even my father.	He's an Italian
Yours.	How 'bout Ted Bundy? Ever do one on him
Your police are at the gate?	After the Diplomat! Paul clambers in the back
Don't mind about me. But could you do me a favor and clear her place and take away all evidence of her, and bring me a big glass of vodka?	Absolutely
You know it?	"Yeah, it's just this fucked-up building.		    * Why are we going there"
Why not religion, Dad?	It's rude to talk about religion. You never know who you're going to offend
It's okay. Really.	Take a look at this. Slightly different approach
Yeah ...	What department store did they go to
Well, she loves children, all right.  She loves everybody.	But that's a wonderful quality, not a bad quality.  Have a little patience with her. She's such a good-hearted little thing and tries so hard
I don't think you're gonna make it.	Whaddya mean...I got your gun ... I got his money... I got everything..
I'm sorry, Louise.  I know you're all upset.  It's just I'm so excited to be out of the house, I guess.  I wonder if Darryl's home yet.	I wonder if Jimmy's gotten back
Smokey told me he left last night to look at some horses in Sheriden. He won't be back for three days. I can't believe he didn't want to say goodbye.	Well... honey... you know... that's just not his way. Maybe you can write him a letter or something. Say thank you... Don't think about it... You take care and I'll see you home
Yes. I was there with Ben.	I know that, Mr. Gardiner
A lot of Persians?	Not usually. Mostly Trustafarians
He might tell me about Julia.  The part of him that wants to help, that feels shame and remorse.  Who wants to be redeemed.	This is Stargher we're talking about
-- He came up behind me and I was wiping a dish and he just... lifted up my skirt, and, you know, right there...	Didn't you have any panties on
He's going home.  He slept over because I was a little anxious...	I want a guard on you.  I'm worried about leaving you alone
Ever ask him?	You never ask a spook a question. No point.  He'll never give you a straight answer.  General Y still thinks of himself of the handsome young warrior who loved this country but loved the concept of war more
Thirty-ought-six, Norton long-barrel with dual-groove, parallel rifling, elevated three-glass scope and a single-throw hammer.	The Army gave you that
It was my fault. I was right downstairs. I should have gone up with him.	Scott, You can't save everyone
...tonight...	You're with him tonight, watching the President's Speech, when the President..
I should be going.	What?  How about a drink
Thank. you, Master Control.	We might be capturing some military programs soon... that interest you
Your hand's all wet and it's shaky.  You're so funny.	Why
I'm gonna be your typist for this evening.	Oh, God..
Ready? The Sheriff's just put two hundred more relatives on the payroll to protect the city against the Red Army -- which is leaving Moscow in a couple of minutes.  Up a dime.	The Sheriff has just received four more letters threatening his life, but he says nothing can interfere with his duty
Hey, Eve!	"Have you ever heard the saying, ""He hasn't got enough sense to come in out of the rain?"
Not yet.	You'll be a good doctor.  I know all about doctors
Oh. I believe we are required to engage in a ritual known as the singalong.	That's great. I haven't sung around a campfire since I was a boy in Iowa. What are we going to sing? What... Bones, what are we going to sing
What, are you having another party?	You better come sit down. You are still sick
Must be nice.  I wish we won the lottery. Come up on a million dollars like ya'll.	Man, after taxes, lawyer fees, and paying off my daddy's bad credit, we didn't end up with a million.  We bought this house and I spent the rest on this.  It's the bomb, huh
Sprechen Sie deutsch?	Jawohl
I'll be home in time for supper!	In another hour, I'll be King of the Forest. Long Live the King!  If...
Nobody can protect me.  I'll make a deal with you, Lee.  But only iff you'll get me out of Hong Kong.	Tell me why they killed the customs agents
You like it?	Yes
Suppose I'm not exciting enough for you.	I didn't say that.  You did
Uhhh.. ahahaha...	Yeah, well, you know these Japanese management techniques.  Could you, uh, read me the number on the modem
All right, all right.  Hey, hey.	Hey.   Mason
What's that?	Hm
I'm paying these people. Do you realize that?	He's doing his best
They rival the angels of paradise.	Oh Jack, mightn't I touch one?  It would thrill me so
Why should I? I thought it would be a novelty to have a face around here a man could look at without shuddering.	Listen, Walter -
They don't come over here that much.	I think I can make it to South Boston
Why did they built it?	The Morlocks didn't build this
Yeah, I've got a girlfriend.	You living together
Corporal, the Roughnecks are moving out for Planet P immediately. Get yourself squared away and report to Gillespie for logistics.	Yes, sir 
I'll see to it that he serves under me.	Thank you
Food doesn't agree with me.	I'm leaving too
I'll make it.	If you really want to do this... plan it out.  Rest up.  Train for it.  Build up your body.  Plan every stop along the way.  How much money?  Time?  Really do it properly.  This is all so -- by the seat of your pants
You're really terrific, you know what I mean --LINNEA rolls over and faces him.	I have to go
Thank you. Whatiya say we just enjoy the evening?	I like that idea. that's a real good idea
Later on.	Then I'll come back, then
She's doing this to get back at me	For what
Oh...yeah, I didn't see the accident.	Witnesses said you were there, but I notice you didn't file a report
Gone fishing.	Fishing
"You mean like ""time flies""?"	Exactly. I would say the fact that you feel the first year of your marriage has gone by quickly means lots of things. Or could mean lots of things
No? Give me a chance, baby. Money is music in my ears, and when his old man kicks off there'll be a million dollar tune.	If you're going to be indiscreet, I wish you'd be a little more discreet about it. Rich men, like Winton, love you and leave you
"""Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I shall fear no evil,"" but no one ever said I wouldn't be shittin' in my pants every step of the way, huh?  Stick out your tongue.  That'a boy. Now why don't you just lie down and relax."	One drop
I tell you he hasn't and he wouldn't dare use it if he had.	Why
"It's not the black Beverly Hills, it's the black Palos Verdes. Anyway, this chick, Elois, was a man-eater- upper. I bet every guy who's ever met her has jacked off to her at least once. You know who she looked like? Christie Love. 'Member that TV show ""Get Christie Love""? She was a black female cop. She always used to say ""You're under arrest, sugar."""	I was in the sixth grade when that show was on. I totally dug it. What the fuck was the name of the chick who played Christie Love
Yes, I guess I have.  I don't want to hurt anybody any more. I want to get away from all this front page publicity. It suddenly strikes me as being cheap and loathsome. I can't walk out on King now. It'll make us all look so ridiculous.  Besides, what difference does it make?  I'll never see Peter again.	Is that his name
Harold, I think you're getting carried away here.	Sir, how about souvenirs
And you...?  Do you love Enzo?	Very much, I think.  But, there's going to be a problem
What?	Cash or check? For the cabin..
Not suede boots!	Knock it off, Gerald
<u>Who</u> are these guys...?	Rich, comic book freaks
What about that guy who wrote Confederacy of Dunces? He committed suicide before he got published, and look how famous he is.	Thanks
The same thing that could happen to any of us.	Where's his body
I am not.	How much can you bench
It's that disrespect for you, that's what I can't forgive them.	Oh, I'm used to it. What makes me sore is how they behave towards you.  They ought to be grateful to have you.  I certainly am
Great. I knocked off the aglet, as soon as I get a passable version of Skywire we're there.	The dishes are juiced up, too
It makes a crazy kind of sense-- remember that initiation rite they have at the White House? Each new member of the President's staff has to prove his guts by getting an enemy of Nixon.	You think this was Clawsen's initiation
Andy, the theater's that way!	"Hey, I love movie theater popcorn... but that doesn't mean I have to sit through ""On Golden Pond."
No, I'm not afraid.  Just... Maybe someday.	Well, I'm impressed.  Absolutely incredible.  I didn't expect pink and lacy, but this isn't exactly a woman's room
Great!  What is it?	It's a...full length life-size figure
What is?	The angle. The high angle shot on the tape
Well, here's the deal, Max.  This thing I'm on right now has something to do with underground pornography. Stuff that's sold under the counter, illegally...	There's not much illegal
I know it well.	<u>Do</u> you.  What does that mean
But now you've strayed from your area of expertise -- dope -- into street assassins. A subject on which you're dangerously ignorant.	But I'm a quick study. Tell your Deputy D.A. -- Rabin? -- that I'll see him in court
Four hundred! Do you want to bankrupt this administration?	I'm getting them for twelve dollars a night
Good morning, Wanda.  Hi, Hartley.	Hi, Dolores
Rifle?	I bought him a twenty-two yesterday--on the way home from Hamburger Heaven.  And where is the good doctor?  Have you two feathered a love nest somewhere
That's it, then.	That's all
Apparently not. Don't you know where it is?	No--I'm sorry
Well, hurry up so you can come home! We miss you!	I miss you guys! The people here are so vile! Hardly anyone even talks to me unless it's to say something that's not nice. Law school sucks
That's right.	Shit.  That sure is a lot of money
Well, I really don't drink...	Oh, it's all right. It's organic
Dr. Dreyfuss.	And what happened to you
How would you've done it?	With a little more patience and kindness. That's what makes people mean and difficult. Nobody cares enough about them
It's here!!!	Oh God...oh god..
Leave me alone!	...Forty thousand dollars
We ain't exactly in what you'd call your high traffic neighborhood either.	The coast guard has our last position. They'll send somebody out soon enough. A ship this size you can't exactly miss
I'm Luke Starkiller, guardian of the Bendu.	Oh, so you're a warrior then
But this is not a matter which can be settled tonight, surely?	No one can say how the Emperor's thoughts work, Ambassador, and unless we move quickly, he might change his mind again
Why not?	I -- forgive me, ma'am, I am no wiser than yourself
Enough to get to Jersey. I'll walk the rest of the way. I've been sitting a long time.  Nice meeting you. It's been a trip.	Hey..
Jeanne, let me introduce the king's half brother, the dogged Lord Dunois.	Then, Lord Dunois, show me the way to the other side of the river..
So.  Where have you been staying for the last week?	I think you know that
Look, you took one road and I took another. That's fine.	Is it Gerry? 'Cause I don't think it's fine with you. Give him time to figure out what he wants
Taking my pleasure.  Do I need to clear my lovers with you?	You must start clearing everything with me -- especially your lovers
It comforts you, doesn't it?	Yes...I've found that it does
What are we waiting for? Let's go.	It may not be that simple. This is an extremely difficult and paranoid time in human history
But don't you dare say that.	I won't...is Missy in heaven, do you think
Not for strangers; for my country.	Anyone not in your family, is a stranger.  Believe me, when trouble comes, your country won't take care of you
How long were you gonna let me try and stop it...?	After a while, it became a little pathetic ... Figured I'd put you out of your misery ..
You really don't act like a scientist.	No?  What do I act like
Sleeping.	Where are you going
You thought that up all by yourself, huh?	Why, it'll make all the front pages. A spectacular thing like that
I need your help, Master.  I'm seeking a man who used to train with you.  He's become a killer - the worst kind of animal.	Animals kill only from hunger or fear. The man you seek is lower than a serpent.  ...he kills for money
How'd it happen, Alice?	It was a long time ago... I met someone at this place called Moke's... we became friends. He told me about a job..
How ya doin', Mookie?	Whaddup
Well do you like him?	I don't know
What others?	Whoever.  They're the ones.  They'd appreciate some kind of gesture from me
They're in shock. They didn't expect it. Nobody expected it. Jews fighting back? Who'd have thought?	Yes, but what good did it do
More or less, we are all afraid. Especially at night.	I'm afraid that Anna has come back. I feel she's back, and that they're together
Peter Warne!	Why? Do you know him
What are you going to do to him?	I'm going to try to remove it
I hope Ilene's all right.	I hope those guys are all right
Shut up!  I saw you.  You were in the car.	No, I got out of the car and I ran to the bridge
What can I do to put you at ease? Shall we begin like David Copperfield? I am born, I grow up. Or shall we begin when I was born to darkness, as I call it. That's really where we should start, don't you think?	You're not lying to me, are you
Ready sir.	Go, Mr. Sulu
It is fifty years since I spoke it to you.	I was beautiful then
What do you mean?	After Leizburg, he stuck his neck out to defend me.  He's loyal to the end. Even if it's not--politically correct at the time
But what we need is national coverage.  It's difficult with this Falklands madness going on. Do you think you might be able to do something when you get back?	I'll suggest it.  Remember though, we're news, not features.  It might help if you could get yourselves attacked by the police.  Anyway, I'll be back with this soon. Thanks
Laz. I'm gonna put my trust in you. I'm gonna do it knowin' all too well I can get hurt like this. And I have been hurt. Just like you.  Woman like me, I got a lot of livin' to do. But my days are precious to me. They all I got left. Don't want no more fuss. I want love in my life. You understanding me, Laz?	I do. God's truth. I do
The girl, Lestat -	I know. Let her alone
We're not going to make it.	Not even close. Hell, we can't even make Syria or Iraq
Listen to me, Patrick. I'm leaving.	Where to? Are you going to go get a gram
Tony's the little boy who lives in my mouth.	Is Tony the one that tells you things
No.	Why
What if I gave you forty?	It's as good a suite as we have, unless you want two bedrooms
Four --	Get in
Is the death of one species less tragic than another?	Of course. A rabbit is not like us. It has no history books... it has no knowledge of sorrow or regret. I like bunnies and all. They're cute... and they're horny. And if you're cute and horny... then you're probably happy that you don't know who you are... or why you're even alive. But the only thing I've known rabbits to do is have sex as many times as possible before they die
You <u>might</u> be handsome. I can't tell through all that grime. Besides, you reek of sweat and horses.	If you're going to marry a warrior, you'd best get used to it
I don't know, I don't know.  I'm sorry - -	Why did you do this
But what do I say?	Just be yourself, Captain.  Find out where he is
Don't worry, Mr. Baker.  We'll knock him out. He won't feel a thing.	I think maybe I'll bring him back next week ..
I can't just walk in and take my clothes off. It's embarrasskin.	Guess you don't want to see the greatest show on earth. And in Detroit no less. Well, take care, chief
Ever been tempted?	What? To put one of these in my pocket
And then they're gonna stamp on it?!	Oh for Christ--will you shut the fuck up, Donny
we're gonna feed the bastard to the lions.	What lions? I'm not going near any lions
Follow him where?	Into the future.  Then he said that the world was coming to an end
Patients have visitors, not doctors.	I don't mind -
Don't you think you're overreacting just a little here?   We're talking about love, okay?  Let's be rational.	Rational?!  Love is not rational! Are you crazy
I'm so sorry, honey...	Daddy, he's coming back...Krueger's coming back.  Make them understand
Go out! Where?	To Rutagunda's place. It is close by
Is there quicksand?	Ayuh
I'll be alright.	No, me, me, me. Thank you
How does anything like this ever start? All I know is the bank called our loan.	When
I know. Maybe they'll canonize me for being so selfless.	Maybe they'll totally shit and be super mad at you and not let you graduate or go to Cabo San Lucas for spring break
Hey, he cheated on her.	He made a mistake
You gimme this bullshit Psychic Friends theory, you believe that dumbshit trucker, you believe this woman...	I never said that I believed..
You're weird, man--I want a ice skater real bad.	Go for it
Can you hold it?	I don't know
Books?	My journals! Where are they
Yeah, that's too Hip for the Room.	You stay offa this Alphabet Soup Detail, all this half-baked, cowboy stuff, till after you get your <u>mind</u> cleared.... you don't wanna go out there a half-step <u>slow</u>..
I think that's about the time I fell asleep.	Too bad. The Thorwalds were just leaving the apartment house at that time
By the way, I'm Glass. This is T.J., and Pooch.	Mike Reilly
Yeah... But he didn’t beat the demons...  A quarter of all the shoes sold in Europe are made by or retailed through his parent’s leather empire. All started from a small shop in the East End of London and war reparation money for holocaust victims.	I’m afraid I don’t understand
So you arranged to have the people you worked for robbed?	They're not nice people
Mr. Barcalow, save power, don't waste it on workers... Ace, tell Aardvark we're on our way...	Yes, sir 
Have sex. Y'know --	Oh, um..
I'm helping George build his house.	What
My father used to talk about the Force of Others.  But he never told me what it was...	Let's just say the Force is something a Jedi Warrior deals with.  It is an energy field in oneself, a power that controls ones acts, yet obeys ones commands.  It is nothing, yet it makes marvels appear before your very eyes. All living things generate this Force field, even you
What did you think then?	I wondered how long it would be before we'd get to be alone together. And I wondered if I could wait that long
I sent her to the party.  I figured I'd wait up here until you killed Tran.	What makes you think I'm gonna kill Tran
We can always do that, Duff.	Yeah. Yeah, I know. I'm not really thinkin' about it. Anyway, don't want those white guys laughin' up their sleeve at me when they see me pull out
Did you think that we'd all be looking at you?	No, no, no
What the hell are you doing?	What does it look like I'm doing? I'm editing
Then you go to the left. There's a landing.	Yes
I didn't hate me so much, I'd feel better wishin' you luck.	Can't all husbands be perfect, and your Elmo prob'ly wouldn'ta ever got that second one pregnant, you hadn't kicked his ass out
All right! Here's another one. 'The most satisfactory lovemaking occurs when your mate climaxes first, you climax first, you and your mate climax together?'	Climax together
What's he talking about?	Is there a language problem here?  Your dress. For tonight.  Where is it
No, Doc, a private secret! It's perverted, it's pitiful. What am I -- Dr. Frankenstein? Aren't you repulsed?	Sounds like kind of a good idea
Khan, listen to me! Captain Kirk was only doing his duty! You --	There is some pain at first, I am told, and then the effects are quite benign -- until the end. That was what I learned from watching my wife
I can't give you a lift back tonight.	Don't worry
What am I worried about?  He'll probably be glad I started the ball rolling. All he ever did was complain about her anyway. I'm just looking out for his best interests.  I mean, that's what a friend does, am I right? I did him a favor.	Oooh! Navy Seals
Maybe it was yesterday. Been seeing me in your dreams?	No -- Mama doesn't dream about you any more, Walter. You wouldn't know the old girl now
I think we can guarantee she'll follow us, Mr. Saavik. Remind me to explain to you the concept of human ego.	Best speed, Scotty..
You said it wasn't polite to interrupt people....	Yes, I did
You're absolutely right, sir.	Shut your bleedin' hole!!
Is this Ming?	It's not Ming. It's Tong
That's certainly possible.	Why don't we go ahead and let the bureau in on this
Please. You and the other Elders wouldn't know what to do with these texts if your lives depended on it.  Which, of course, they do.	You're wasting your time, Frost. Far greater scholars than you have tried to decipher these words. Whatever secrets they hold have been lost
Will! Have you finished?	Yes. Nearly.  It's all locked safe in here. We need Ralph for the Pirate King. Good morning, Master Nol. You will have a nice little part
Yeah?	All I'm saying is, you won't trip over me if you look her up
I can't hide anymore.  I breathe like a dog.  I lose my balance.  Stealing's got harder. Caravaggio stares at the Herodotus.	Why do I feel if I had your book I would know everything
I'm not in the fourth dimension --  -- you are in the fourth dimension, when you allow skepticism and doubt to take control. As Blake said, if God had doubt the sun would go out.	Forgive my crudity, darlin'. I don't understand these deeper things the way you do
When was the last time you saw Mr. Raban?	Wednesday.  We left the office together
I thought I might, you know, nip it in the bud before it gets worse. Because I heard in health class that pregnancy often results in an infant.	Yeah, typically. That's what happens when our moms and teachers get pregnant
Ah! I thought you were a mailman.	I am
I'll be right back.	Where you going
...please, I just don't want it....	....wait a minute: why is this about you now? Why is it always about you
Well, for the baby, really.	Thank you Billy, from the baby and me
First Wes, now you?	I'm not like Wes.  Wes was crazy
I'm sorry.	Are you serious with this
Yes.	Will you do me a favor then
Things change.	So I see. It's good to see you. My name's Teddy
Three for three.	If we stayed, we could make a difference
Why on Earth should you be so depressed?  Have you heard some of the things they've been saying? You can make fifty thousand on these pieces alone!	I thought you didn't respect money
How?	I was a Jew in a previous life
But the proof? The doll?	In a few minutes there will be no doll. There can't be.  I'm sorry
You resented the fact that she told you what to do in Mr. Marsh's house?	Yes
How nice for everybody.  Come swimming. The water's glorious.  You'll fix it.  You'll come up with one of your brilliant ideas.	Or I won't.  I can't help her.  I'm out of my depth
"Heart to heart? Woman to woman? Including a casual reference to the part of ""Cora"" - and your hopes of playing it."	I discussed it very openly. I told her that I had spoken to Lloyd - and that he was interested
Thank you.	What name
I was one member of the investigating commission.	"Yes, I see your signature right here -- twice the size of everyone else's.  And your conclusion was ""pilot error,"" hmm"
I don't know who I am! I still don't know!	Yes, you do. You do
Say what, Walt Spoon!	There's somethin' wrong about it, Mother
Your mother's dead, Llewelyn.	Well then I'll tell her myself
You better open up a window or something before the smell gets out.	Ain't no windows in here
You know, it's just possible that she hasn't read this yet.	Yeah
I don't believe we've been introduced.	What?... Oh, right, you can see these guys too. Jesus..
You're not using it today?	It's broke I guess. There's an electric in the bedroom
Brad Wilson.	"Hiya, Kent, long time no see. Not that you ever could.  ""See"" I mean,  Hahaha"
Were you badly hurt? I think we saw each other at the hospital.  I don't want the car. In fact, I was appalled to find that I have to pay a small fee to have it scrapped.	Can I give you a lift?  I somehow find myself driving again
The whole concept of heroism--and its sexual roots.	Tell me about its sexual roots
...okay.	Makes you feel good? Putting what you know to use
She had a cottage. One day, she was three months gone with child, so	And your relations
Hello, Daddy. How are you?	About as good as can be expected with one foot in the grave. Good to see you, son.  Did you bring any of that Yankee whisky with you
I don't trust this man. And I didn't like what he did with your opera. It was common.	Well, you liked it, didn't you? Monkey-flunki-punki
Are you trying to be insubordinate?	No, sir
I'm afraid that would be a little awkward. It's -- it's completely without precedent. And there are practical considerations -- the time involved -- the enormous distances.	I traveled 250 million miles. What about your United Nations
Mulholland Drive?	That's where I was going... Mulholland Drive
The Black Pearl is a real ship.	No, it's not
You got a look in your eye, Mr. Mannheim... You got something for the small fry...	Jesus, can't make a buck in this market, country's going to hell faster than when that sonofabitch Roosevelt was around... too much cheap money sloshing around the world. The biggest mistake we ever made was letting Nixon get off the gold standard. Putney Drug--you boys might want to have a look at it
In just a second. Two...	I don't believe this
"And that day, your father got better. He named you Lhamo. ""The Protector."""	I know
Who are they?	Jill Haynes, Jill Haynes, I've told you about Jill a hundred times, Lester, you never remember anything I say
Oh, Mother, Mother, please help me. Something terrible's happened to me. I don't know what it is. Something's happened to everybody. Please let me come in. Keep me here until I get over it.	Get over what? I don't take in strangers unless they're sent here by somebody I know
Is Mrs. Kane -	Marie has been packing since morning, Mr. Kane
Me?  Sure I do.	Come on
It's a DAMN ROCK MONSTER!!! It doesn't HAVE motivation!	"That's your problem.  You were never serious about the caraft...  ""I'm a rock... I just want to be a rock... Still. Peaceful.. Tranquil.."" ...""Oh, but what's this?  Something's making noise... No, not noise, no... MOVEMENT.  VIBRATIONS.  Make the vibrations stop, they go straight into me like a knife!... I must CRUSH the thing that makes the vibrations..."
Do not tell a lie, Richard ... The cornsilk cigarette Harold gave thee behind the store this morning.	I don't ... have them.  Mother ... I swear, I ... didn't smoke
... Massachussettans aren't.	How long you staying
No one would ever have to know its not him.	Wait a minute! What if everybody knew? What if we presented Malkovich as the world's most complicated puppet and me as the only puppeteer sophisticated enough to work him? We'd wipe the floor with the Great Mantini
Question answered.	They weren't loaded when I put them in there
&lt;&lt;Keyser Soze. Keyser Sate. I've seen his face. I see it when I close my eyes.&gt;&gt;	He says he knows his face. He sees it when he closes his eyes
What changed?	Should probably ask him that
Dmitri <u>Gusunov?</u> What the fuck, why? Forget about Dimitri, Feds are all over him.  They're a heartbeat away from taking him down.  Word's gone out, they don't want us anywhere near him...	Oh, we working for the Feds now?  If my snitch flew out a window, he's got Dmitri's handprints on his ass. That makes it homicide, that makes it ours
I saw you out there. You want him to call you back, need you.	No. I'm glad I'm home
Mr. Scott, the word is given.	Aye, sir
Would you check in on Elijah? He seems to be a little under the weather this morning.	Which one is Elijah again
Louise?	Go, Chief
Oh.  Run.	What the hell for?  Twenty-five years in the pen
No. Not me, boss.	Then don't have a drink
We need your help.	Why should I help you?  You primates -- you great, lumbering, hairy animals, drenched in blood from the moment of your hideous conception -- what have you ever used knowledge for but destruction and bloodshed!  A little bit of learning and you lay waste to the world!  You're no better than the Morlocks
What the hell . . . oh it's you. Might've figured.  What do you want?	I want my car
I must... consult with my father.	And I will consult with mine
I don’t know what you’re talking about!	I think you do
I know what 'cha thinking.  I thought the same thing.  But it can't happen.	Why
I get the imports.	Ok
Nevermind.	Would you like to meet my husband
You're gonna pay me to take out some girl?	I can't date her sister until that one gets a boyfriend.  And that's the catch. She doesn't want a boyfriend
Choice?  What kind of choice?	Whether or not you're willing to play Nancy one last time
Careful, Chief.  I don't think you know who I am.	"I know who you are and the last thing we need around here is some freak show ""bounty hunter"" making trouble. I want you outta town and I want you outta town now"
I want you to listen to me, carefully.  The minute the implications of this message became clear, this stopped being simply a scientific matter and became a political one -- an extremely complex, extremely volatile one. There are forces at work here you don't understand; I can help you up to a point, but only up to a point.	Are you threatening me
Either I just pissed my pants or...	Or..
... well, I've been having it for years. It's not a nightmare or anything.  It's ... well, I know what it is.	What is it
I must KILL! Kill!	It's no good going berserk against a dragon
Sounds like I'm an ass-hole either way, but the answer is still no.	Two of us might be more effective than one
Major Adamson, I can't seem to get in the door.	Laurie, I'll have to ask you to come with me
Can you put men at all four?	No need. I have another tool at my disposal which will narrow it down to one bank
James Dean, Humphrey Bogart...	Yul Brynner. They're all dead
Promise me you'll read those contracts by then.	Goodbye, Bill
Yes. It's feeling much better now.	Good. I'm glad to hear that.  ... How did you like meeting the President
Then you're crazy.	When - when are you coming back
It's the Genesis Wave!	What
I worry about you.	Me?? C'mon -
That's gross.	I know
You didn't say serial killer and I didn't say serial killer.	Right
Jeez, Ray, fourth and forty, throw the bomb.	I should go up there. I should call her back, tell her I'm coming
Are they gonna hurt us, Walter?	They won't hurt us, Donny.  These men are cowards
Dahlia, no.	Now why is that
The odds are one hundred to one so all we need is five grand.	I would rather put my money on a three-legged rocking horse. The odds are a hundred to one for a good reason, BACON . . . it won't win. So where is Ed with all the bright ideas
I just told you.	There's more, isn't there
You're wrong, Mr. Stone. There are people who live and die without e'er seeing it. They can't see the country for the money in their pockets -- And some think their state's the country, or the way they live is the country, and they're willing to split the country because of that. Well, I hope you'll meet all those, when you're grown. You'll meet the fire-eaters and the Circassian beauties -- that's part of the fair, to be sure. But if we'd had to depend on them, in a permanent way, the country would have stopped at the Allegheny mountains.	But it didn't stop. I know it didn't stop. Granny told me it didn't
And it's not the first one!  They say she saved a little boy who was dying of...	Xaintrailles...!  Don't talk to me about miracles...  If I was still sitting there waiting for a miracle, I'd be dead now. Anyway..
I'm a push-over for whom?  What is it? Who's on the phone?	Yes, Mr. Fielding - you'll pick her up after the show in your motorboat - goodbye - what's that you said?  Oh - zowie! I'll give her the message
'To learn all that is learnable.'	It expects a return signal now, ordering it to transmit that information to the Creator
It's orange!	Am I missing something
Just a few cells away from a vast air chamber -- one of the countless Alvioli of the Lung -- and we can't get enough to fill a microscopic tank.	Maybe we can...  Skipper, is there a snorkel on this sub
Ready for Fuchsmachen???	MMMMMMmmmmmmmmm
Gaston Monescu.	Gaston
No, thank you. I'll be all right.	Look, this is my house. I'd like to
It's Creasy.	Where are you
You look as if you could.	Me. Ha! Did I tell you I'll be eighty on Saturday
Hemmings!  Sam, I thought I told you to close up shop and be ready to move up the island by night-...	...-fall
Me neither.	Let the law -
Why is that funny?	It's what the D.A. used to tell me about Chinatown
You cashed the check?	Not to my knowledge, no..
Sometimes.	Not sometimes.  Always.  Just because it is the hard way.  You're that kind of man, Jeff
Which one?	You know, Eddie's cousin
You're in breach.	-- Is this about the new pages? -- I made the changes you wanted, you're in virtually every scene -
Still sleeping.	Kiss him, maybe he'll turn into a frog
She's the one who controlled the Horseman, isn't she, sir?  Sir?	I need time for thinking.  Without you hanging on my coattails for a change
Get me a plane...	Wait, Will..
We have got to close the beaches. We have got to get someone to kill the shark, we need non-corrosive mesh netting, we need scientific support... It's gonna cost money just to keep the nuts out and save what we have.	I don't thing either of you is familiar with our problems..
Why not?	Because I don't want you to
Klingon blood.	They must have walked through it when it was floating and tracked it back here
Of course it's the reason.  It's terrible what you did.	We disagree on how God-awful it was.  Why don't you come with me and we can disagree and get a tan at the same time
What is this, Swana?	Knowing the efficiency of the French Air Service I think I can guarantee that Madame Yakushova has already taken off for Moscow
Charlie. I just had the strangest dream.	I have to talk to you.
Tractor beam, aye!	If he tries to get away with Warp Drive, he's really in for a shock..
What's he scanning for?	PDT'S.  Personal-Data Transmitters. Every adult colonist had one surgically implanted
If you would only take this, inject it in your brain, everything would be much clearer.	Not that again..
What's that?	Put it in the guard's barracks.  Man they got pissed.  They beat the crap out of me, but... it's kind of a tradition.  You oughta see 'em run around
Afraid so.	You got the keys to the shop
I think so... They're just... So ...	I know. But let's prep 'em. We could stay here all night... That wouldn't be good -
No one does nothing, Jeff.	Okay, well, then, I'm gonna break new ground
Hey. I'm really glad you called... I'm sorry.	No, you don't have to be sorry. I'm the one -
You know how I feel about you.	You like the way I cook...you think I make out a great invoice.  PHIL You and Nick and...and this...this garage are my whole life...I love you. Sure you don't have the greatest taste in music...but there's not another woman who could look so sexy in that smock. What I'm try... what I'm trying to sa..
I'll be all right, Chauncey you go ahead with Mrs. Aubrey...	Yes, Eve. You'll be all right
Oh my god. Madam Elsa, my psychic, told me I would meet somebody whose name starts with a letter of the alphabet today.	Really? That's amazing
What are you doing?	I need ten thousand dollars. My lawyer says if we can spread ten thousand bucks around, we can get the case dropped
There's this guy!	What
It doesn't matter. It only took me an hour to write.	Really? That's remarkable
If I could be of any help...	I'm sorry, Mr. Gillis, but I just don't think it's any good. I found it flat and banal
Must be somebody?	...there's nobody
What are you doing with my flowers?	I'm just borrowing them.  You'll get them back tomorrow
"Like your cocaine, I suppose.  The ""high"" lasts several hours.  We would receive small amounts of it... as a reward for our labor."	We?  You've taken it
In a hospital.	Which hospital?  Did you take me back
Bud...	If I let you go, there'll be ten more lawyers to take your place tomorrow.  They just won't come on the bus, that's all
Look, either shut up, or go home.	Absolutely right, shut up. Lashings of apologies all round
So your memory's coming back?	"Yes... yes!  And now you tell me why God let all these battles happen in the first place... if he's so powerful... he said he's ""the creator of heaven and earth, the source of all life..."" he could have easily stopped all this blood and misery?  Why didn't he"
I've had time to get over it.	You're not from around here, are you? Where you from
Look, Rod, just get on the camel!	Bill, Rod, wait -
You look so... I don't know, you look like you've really been in it.	What happened to your eye 
Mmmm...	I don't know.  For me, I'm saying, what is is, it's probably not the orgasm.  Some broads, forearms on your neck, something her eyes did. There was a sound she made...or, me, lying, in the, I'll tell you: me lying in bed; the next day she brought me café au lait.  She gives me a cigarette, my balls feel like concrete.  Eh?  What I'm saying, what is our life?  It's looking forward or it's looking back.  And that's our life. That's it.  Where is the moment?  And what is it that we're afraid of? Loss.  What else?  The bank closes.  We get sick, my wife died on a plane, the stock market collapsed...the house burnt down...what of these happen...? None on 'em.  We worry anyway. What does this mean?  I'm not secure.  How can I be secure?  Through amassing wealth beyond all measure?  No.  And what's beyond all measure?  That's a sickness. That's a trap.  There is no measure. Only greed.  How can we act
I don't doubt their involvement, Bill, but at a low level.  Could the Mob change the parade route, Bill, or eliminate the protection for the President?  Could the Mob send Oswald to Russia and get him back?  Could the Mob get the FBI, the CIA, and the Dallas Police to make a mess of the investigation?  Could the Mob appoint the Warren Commission to cover it up?  Could the Mob wreck the autopsy?  Could the Mob influence the national media to go to sleep? And since when has the Mob used anything but .38's for hits, up close? The Mob wouldn't have the guts or the power for something of this magnitude.  Assassins need payrolls, orders, times, schedules.  This was a military-style ambush from start to finish... a coup d'etat with Lyndon Johnson waiting in the wings.	Oh, now you're saying Lyndon Johnson was involved?  The President of the United States
I insist on being told exactly what you have in mind.	I'm going to -  - 185 West 74th Street
It's you and Mom that need to talk.	Sure.  You're right
I've been busy, Gerry. I got a full schedule.	This kid's special, Sean. I've never seen anything like him
Don't you have anywhere to go?	I've got plenty of places to go
Now, we'll walk over so there's no license plates and you give me at least three minutes. I can stall if it's more, but I need time to find a good window, alright?	Alright
But, so, Pony's comin' by here to the corner?	He's around and, you know, maybe he's coming by. Sooze told him to come by and hang out, whatever. It's no big deal. Me, him, and Sooze are gonna..
You killed my parents.	I had to.  There was no other way. Their deaths were part of the greatest legacy I could have given you
Sure, like this low-grade shit here, some girl in a fight with her boyfriend... it's a test-pattern. Nothing happens.  I'm snorin'.	Hey, you're always saying, 'Bring me real life.  Bring me street life. And, like, one man's mundane and desperate existence is another man's Technicolor.
You said John Whittlesley made a study of your blueprints of the museum.	Yes
Is not so hard to understand. Her playing, very polite.	Did she make mistakes
Why is it a cop-out? I don't see anythin' wrong with layin' brick, that's somebody's home I'm buildin'. Or fixin' somebody's car, somebody's gonna get to work the next day 'cause of me. There's honor in that.	You're right, Will. Any man who takes a forty minute train ride so those college kids can come in in the morning and their floors will be clean and their trash cans will be empty is an honorable man
I don't want to go.	It's time to go home, Holly
"You said it. Three-to-one should get you 								both ears and the tail."	He ran in fear from us . . 
For real. Okay. Gimme COLUMBO...	Peugot convertible ..
Hey Walter--	Mark that frame an eight, you're entering a world of pain
That'll teach me to wear white after Labor Day.	Umm- I don't think you're supposed to wear white jeans after 1983
What is that?	We are now no longer the Knights Who Say Ni
First bassoon and tenor trombone - what?	With the tenors
Sir, the gentleman does not understand English.  He would not in any case, take the stand.  He came, at his own expense, to aid his brother in his trouble.  He is not under any jurisdiction of our government and his reputation in his own country is impeccable.	The witness is excused; take him out
Angels and ministers of grace, defend us.	Hamlet, Act I scene 4
What's she doin' runnin' around the country at night.	I wouldn't know. Did you ask her
I don't know.	I think you have the wrong number
So you wanna git bit, huh?	Cut the bullshit, we ain't on a fuckin' playground!  I don't believe this shit, both of you got ten years on me, and I'm the only one actin like a professional. You guys act like a bunch of fuckin' niggers. You ever work a job with a bunch of niggers? They're just like you two, always fightin', always sayin' they're gonna kill one another
Look out!  Jupiter and Saturn'll get you every fucking time.	"""Today you have a rare opportunity to make a big difference in your chosen field.  By your able leadership and with great conviction and strength of character, you will come up a winner."
And, <u>with</u> disrespect, Constable, if jails and courts overflow, it is testimony to success, not failure.	But, how many innocents rot here? And, how many victims are buried without reprisal while guilty men roam our streets
Who won? How did it end?	The loser ran off alone.  The winner followed those footprints toward Guilder
Does it bother you?	No questions
Two weeks! That don't do me no good!	Nearest Ford auto man's Bristol
Oh sure, it's honest. But somehow, I can't picture you with a guy who sells policies.	Well, I can, and I love it! He forgets the office when he's with me. He doesn't treat me like an errand-boy -- he treats me like a woman
I loved him too much.	After everything he did to you and your mom
It says: 'Graham home, 3860 DeSoto Highway, Marathon, Florida. Save yourself. Kill them all.  It's your home address, Will. The bastard gave him your home address.	Get me a plane..
He'll do no such thing.	It's a weak man who tests his mettle on the backs of children -
I worked for him... still do.  Said he'd make sure I was left alone if I helped put Wade away.  He kept his promise for twenty years.	Prepare for a change in lifestyle
Caesar will bring it to the apartment to count and go through |Shelly's books to figure out how he did it.	Wait a minute.  Wait a minute.  Do you have any idea what you are saying? You are asking me to help you fuck the mob
No, it's different, honey.	Did you ever have a baby
What about Maxine?	Fuck Maxine
Oh, really, I heard that Commentary and Dissent had merged and formed Dysentery.	No jokes-these are friends, okay
GOT A MAP OF THE ENVIRONS OF THE YAKIMA INDIAN RESERVATION WITH YOUR NAME ON IT. BETTER BRING A POLE.	Smell something fishy, huh
We still on schedule?	Forty-two minutes ahead
No, the very same one, my boy.  He recovered from his wound.  The ball you hit him with was not likely to hurt him.  It was only made of tow. Do you think the Dugans would let you kill fifteen hundred a-year out of the family?  The plan of the duel was all arranged in order to get you out of the way, for the cowardly Englishman could never be brought to marry from fear of you.  But hit him you certainly did, Roderick, and with a fine thick plugget of tow, and the fellow was so frightened that he was an hour in coming to. We told your mother the story afterwards, and a pretty scene she made.	The coward
Oh, yeah.	That made me cry. But, anyway, we went up to Boston, because I had this urge to lie on my back on the Charles River. It gets frozen this time of year
It's fresh air.	Look, Tommy, we know you're getting a hard time off Lizzy, but there's no need to take it out on us
A hot light bulb is burning inside of you.  I want to be warmed by it.	That's really nice of you Mayolia
I know.	Talk to me
Uhhh... I have no idea what you just said.	SPEAK ENGLISH! JESUS CHRIST WE'RE ON TELEVISION HERE
It doesn't matter, anywhere but here.	You come back after being gone almost a year, and you expect me to just leave...  This was <u>our</u> home, now it's <u>my</u> home.  I can't leave.  You can stay with me, and believe me, I want you to, but to just take off for the wrong reasons, I can't do it.  And you shouldn't either
It's the question that brought you here.  You know the question just as I did.  It is a hacker's question.	What is the Matrix
Why the fuck not?	Just don't
Shut up! Just pump her out!	Yeah, Captain, as soon as I make a call
... sorry 'bout that, but you do look familiar to me.	Wish I could say the same thing
Insurance?	If she's alive, you get it back
What?	Yes, I wrote it
They're my dad's. The lenses hurt my eyes.	I knew there was a sound explanation
Jesus -- that guy's too damn much.	I wonder if that was the same copter
It's only a ring.  Not a collar.	It's more than that
Everyone handles it differently. Some are ready, some are not.	Do they get down on their knees, begging and crying
Jacob, I don't believe in demons, not in the empirical sense. I don't be- lieve in devils fighting for our souls. I don't believe in enternal damnation. I don't believe in other- worldly creatures tormenting us. We don't need them. We do a good enough job on ourselves.	But I see them
I want you all in one vehicle. Your van.  If I see anybody else cruising around I'll keep going. No second chances.  You can kill them and I'll keep what I've got.	Some loyalty
Oh yeah?  Where's the bed?	Right over here
Sonny kicks ass.	"You shoulda saw the first original uncut version of the ""Streetfighter"". It was the only movie up to that time rated X for violence. But we just saw the R"
Do you have any tattoos Brad.	Certainly not
It's to remind people of the great tragedy that took place here so that they won't ever forget that a peaceful village of Indians was wiped out by the Conquistadores, back in the 17th Century... A band of monks buried the dead and prayed for them and did penance for their deaths —— that's what this procession is supposed to be.	Oh, that's so interesting
Yes.	We have recent intelligence that a Soviet nuclear submarine has docked at Cienfuegos
You were pretty popular. Didn't you run for some office?	Yeah I did. treasurer. Shouldn't you be studying or something
Boats.  You go out in them. You come back in them.  I hate them.	Houseboats don't go anywhere
Damn.  They're early.	Who
I still can't square the psycho smarts of whoever did Iris with those two cops.	I don't think those cops did Iris. I think whoever Iris was wearing for killed her
I reckon it tastes pretty good to me.	I like the way you talk
I thought I was dead. Lucky for me you jokers showed up, eh ?	It wasn't luck. Rico ignored the mission objective to rescue you..
Well...his real name's Edward Lyle.	Lyle?
Here--let me give you a Boy Ranger button.	Swell. Thanks very much.  Good luck, Senator. Keep your left up
Yes.	--and that he changed his will
This is starting to spook me.	Least I'm not alone
Sparkling apple cider?	No
Who's running it!	Kimura and Glass will head the investigation
Oh, don't be so coy, dear. You're going to Rio.	What
The inheritance.	Not power.  Not control
You too.  Good luck!	Clifton - your wife - do you think it's appropriate to leave her
Hey. Do you have a cigarette?	No I quit
You really want to do business?	Who's he? Oh God! Don't tell me you two are a couple -- 
Sallah, I said no camels! That's five camels. Can't you Count?	Compensation for my brother-in-law's car. Indy, your father and Brody -
Hey!  Where are the brakes?	Brakes?  No.  No brakes.  They're electric cars, guided by this track in the roadway, and totally non-polluting, top of the line
Let me go! I'm the one he wants. This is all happening because of me. If I turn myself in...	He's just finding another reason for bumpin' us off. Don't ya see. He needs us ta die. He needs our bodies
You're talking about people who are mentally ill.  You're...	No I'm not!  I'm talking about common, everyday life here.  If you let yourself worry about one thing, you'll worry about the next, and the next, and it never ends. In this place, ignorance isn't just bliss, it's a matter of survival
Take the Holy Gospels in your hand and swear to tell the whole truth concerning everything you will be asked.	I don't know what you're going to ask me questions about.  You may ask things that I won't want to answer
Gimme the binoculars.	No.  It's not right
There you are, both of you. Max, Karen has decided it's time to go.	Where is she
I'll nose around...	You know there were riots last night.  Now the unrest has started again and Commodus has sent for an army division.  You understand what you are doing..
You got about five minutes and change.	"5:32.  ""Swinging on a Star."
You know, what you pulled back there, that was bullshit.	I needed to see if you were a cop.  I'm a popular man with the police, Sam, and whenever they try to catch me they always do it with an inside guy -- some man on some job who seems more trustworthy than all the others put together.  And that's the guy you have to watch out for.  I hate cops..
Either way works for us...	But you better hurry
GET OUT OF THERE!! GET OUT!! Put your hands up, on your head. GO ON!! Get down on your knees - DO IT!! What are you doing? Who are you? What's your name?. WHAT'S YOUR NAME?	Jeffrey
Me? Nah. I'm more of a people watcher.	Were you watching me
Is this supposed to be an apology?	It’s not supposed to be anything, Kat. It’s just my rather feeble attempt to.... Oh, I don’t know.  You see, I thought I could deny my feelings-
Tim killed Erica. Tim's a murderer.	Bullshit
No.	Thank you for the coffee. It's very robust
What are you doing?	What
I don't know; I can't remember. But I'm sure he loved you.	Why
With no bone or scalp or hair present.  Would it be more probable that the blood came from crushing a man's skull...	I'm a hemotologist, not a detective
Things have changed. Circumstances, Jerry. Beyond the, uh... acts of God, force majeure..	What the - how's Jean
Yes.  Perfectly.	All right, then.  I'll come by tomorrow for breakfast
Did you tell him you were leaving?	I told him I might
Ruiz knows about this?	Ruiz wants to go alone, but it's not up to Ruiz. It's up to me, and I like a sure thing. Just go and we're square on the tooth
Tell me about your husband, Mrs Tasker.	Harry?  What can I say about Harry?  He's a sales rep for a computer company
I should have torn that door off its hinges.  Should have scrogged her ears off.  Should have broken the bed.  What do you want?  Well?	I--I was wondering--is there anything you shouldn't eat--because of jungle fever
Not the first time that's been true.  I'm telling you, I got a feeling about this guy.  This is the guy, Satch.	Uh, huh
It's stopped?	Yes, thank heaven
Don't be. I'm not cut out to deal with the West's of the world.	You're a good soldier, Bill
We're not coming in there by force, okay? No one wants to hurt you.	I got these people!  You try to come get me, I'll kill every fuckin' one of them
Mm-hmm.    Seems & lot longer.	In the bayou, they have a saying... 'You choose the music for the dance - but fortune picks your partner.'   Darling, I'd say you're on a roll
Blue-green!  Hydrated chromic oxide!  Remember I'm schooled in chemistry.  I was a hair analyst! Briefly.  Interior design is a <u>science</u>, Delia!  Think of me as Doctor Otho.  And this patient is truly <u>sick</u>!	Of course, her favorite color! How <u>beautiful</u>
If this was a spy novel, your next words would be something like I now know too much to live.  Why are you telling me all this?	So you'll believe what I tell you next.  Because I need to find Jerry.  And I don't think I can do that without you
Fritz?  What are you talking about? Who's Fritz?	That's your name innit?  Count Fucking Arsehole Von Bismarck? What's that supposed to be then, Irish
... must be approved at a bi-weekly meeting by a simple majority in the case of purely internal affairs.	Be quiet
Because here everything goes backwards. People walk backwards, dance backwards, sing backwards, and talk backwards.	That's stupid
Here it is, Bruce. One -- two -- three -- four hundred -- and fifty dollars.	Thank you
Tell that to Muskie.	Oh, maybe nickel and dime stuff
Quite a while.	I've watched you grow up, Ben
Oh, thank you.	The Director of our Opera. Count Orsini-Rosenberg
Take it or leave it.  This isn't a negotiation.	Fifty, and you've got your man
I guess we've never been introduced proper.  Jake McKenna.	Jake McKenna.  That's a solid name
Yes, you already did.	I did
Somewhat better than that temple scroll you were bidding on.	That old pirate Chiang Kai Shek personally took this to Taiwan when he was run out of China in 1949. Peking would dearly love to have this back..
I'll give you something you've been jerking off about ever since our parents got married.	Be more specific
We had a date.	We did...
But they were Indians themselves.	They were in the Army. Like your father
I just stopped your heart for five seconds. It felt like an eternity, didn't it? Did you know that you can stop the human heart for up to ten minutes before the onset of brain damage?	No, I didn't know that
You’re wrong about my being there, though. Carlos borrowed my car that day, his had broken down...  Leon saw it, like you, assumed I was there, thought he’d wait to ask for a lift. But Carlos turned up, with the tape you found...  Leon got his lift, and accidentally picked up the tape with his photo equipment when he got out. He watched it, confronted Carlos, threatened to tell the police about the hotel... I don’t know how he knew about the hotel. Perhaps Carlos talked too much... My husband did not tell me... You more or less guessed the rest...  I didn’t know any of this before you left for Los Angeles.	You don’t say
Yes, but they won't know that... or care. They're hunting you, Logan. Maybe me too, now...	That's nothing... there's a Sandman behind us, too and there'll be more soon. Take me to them
Do you love her?	I... I don't know! We hardly know each other... it takes time
I know.	Ruth Lesserman had a pancreatic ulcer
So who...?	We don't know.  Whoever they were, they were gone long before we ever got here
Boys, you don't know what this means to me. If you hadn't come back it would have been the epilogue or the news in Welsh for life.	Aren't you supposed to be in that box
Fifteen years, yeah.	Yeah. Oh, God bless
Actually, He's not the Chancellor's -- What?	At first the police thought he just ran away, but this afternoon Dr. Gaskell found some blood spots on the carpet -
Stand by, sir. Miracle worker at work...	Mr. Scott, don't make jokes, we are in danger of 
Why?	He hasn't got shit all over him
Water on Arrakis!!! I have seen this place in a dream.  A treasure.	Greater than treasure, Usul.  We have thousands of such caches.  Only a few of us know them all.  When we have enough... we shall change the face of Arrakis. Listen!..
Man, what do you want?	You need something. It's not a reefer, but it'll help some
Yes.	This is too easy, I mean I had a speech prepared, then I even wore these pants because I could get on my knees to grovel
We're all here, and ready sir!	Jenkins
Very well.  Assume this is true. Assume they have only the best of intentions.  Suppose they decide to just step in and solve all our problems for us.  You have no objection to them so flagrantly intervening in human affairs?	We've just lived through a century of incredible violence and self- destruction.  Do you call it 'interventionist' when you stop a toddler from walking in front of a truck
No. No. Get Carol.	I'm filling in. We don't know if she's coming back. She might have to get a job closer to home
I'm afraid it's a little late for that. Dillinger's shut off Group 7 access. He must know what you're up to.	Boy, I bet I know who's workin' late tonight
Martin, could you wait here for a few minutes while we make up our minds about something?	Go ahead, whatever it's worth
You feel like you want to be forgiven for your sins?  Honey, you're not on your death bed, yet....this kinda talk's gonna get you in trouble --	--- don't.  don't.  Please.  Just... listen to me...honey....  ...I've done...I've cheated on you
Mr. Gardiner, I have a telephone call for you. Sidney Courtney, the financial editor of the Washington Post.	Thank you
You smoke Pall Mall?	Yeah
She just went under the water. She was pulled under. Oh God, I don't see her.	Was there a shark? Did you see a shark
They're not going to be able to snag him in pitmans.  Tranq him in water, he drowns.	They could try to tranq him on land
Don't hold me so tight.	Why, I ain't hardly touchin' you
Aw, this can't be happening to me....	They been nose-open for her ever since we left. They go off blood
was saying—	Can't you shut up? Must you go on babbling like an idiot
Dean Rusk!	Wrong, and you get to wax my car
*All right*, then. After all, what's it to me? So they *drop* him out of a balloon. All I care is--I don't want to be around. See? Squeamish. See? That's what I am. No, sir. I don't have to take it. Won't be a party to no murder. I'm gonna quit. I'm through.	Again? Good idea
What?	I'd like you to close your eyes
That's my opinion.	Jesus..
This outfit needs somebody who can find his way around the pulmonary anatomy when the bases are loaded.	And it's the ninth inning
No more, Lenny.	Yeah.  I'm ghosting pretty bad
Did you hear that click?	Yes -- I think so.  Another crossed line
On this ward?	Yeah, some creep stole my cigarettes
Don't say PLEASE, Fuckhead. WHAT ARE THESE?	Those are my breasts
Who did you think?	Carlos.  I still owe him two hundred bucks..
Can't we just be friends, Diz ?	Sure
Boy, look at this place, huh?	Incredible
Gunner's Mate, Third Class -- L. Johnson, sir.	Lance Johnson? The surfer
Butts on seats. That's what movies are about. You got one job in Hollywood -- everyone has the same job, in fact -- putting the butts on the seats. You gotta sell 'em popcorn and Pepsi- cola. It's all about popcorn and Pepsi-cola.	Not for me
Perceval, you have returned!	Ready my knights for battle; they will ride with their King once more. I have lived through others far too long! Lancelot carried my honor and Guenevere my guilt. My knights have fought my causes. Mordred carries my sins. Now, at last, I will rule
He's never offed anybody. His rap doesn't show any violence.	Not that we know of
Then this shall be our little secret.  Remember that I see into thy soul as God sees.  Thou may fool the world. Even thy father.  But not me, Richard. Never me.	Mother, think of me always as your faithful dog ..
Well, are you? Are you queer?	... yeah
Then we'll just have a peek at the wounds.  Dig 'em up!	They've been sanctified and buried in the holy rites of God's church, and any hand that disturbs them now takes on eternal damnation. So please -- do it
But we can get one.	It's all right, Terry, it's all right, everything's all right
Aw that's easy.  I want my life back. Can you swing that, my brother?	You know I can't
It's lovely.	A spate of suspicious fires which were in fact the inspiration for the formation of the Waterford Huskies..
It's so beautiful!	What??
He been sleeping in a T-shirt lately?  That's so you won't see the fingernail marks on his back.  Bet you didn't know your boyfriend finds a little pain exciting.  He didn't either...at first.	Look, I don't know what you want-
Don't answer, he low born. Jun look at him, mongrel. Your wife where she?	She lives her own life in New Jersey, America
Jack.	Your doorbell doesn't work
Floating to Catalina.	What
Get out of here....	You look right through him. He's there, but there's something on the other side of him that you want. It's all you want. And whatever's in the way doesn't matter.... Then it's easy
When is it finally over?  I want it to be over before my baby is born.	I don't know.  I hope soon; but it's not over yet, and that's why you and the kids have to come back to me
That's the boy. Keep 'em flying.	What
But why?  Why?	Because I'm still scared
He loves you very much.  He just--	I know he does
I wouldn't -	Get the fu-  You threatening me?  I'll fuckin' kill you in this place!  Get up and go home right now
Jesus.	It ain't what you think
How long did it take Badalato to drive Jimmy Chin's body from Chinatown to the morgue?	... An hour.  That's why I thought the morgue was on the other side of town
Best not bitch up. Wind up someone's luggage that way.	Can you protect me
You look good, Bunny. It's nice to see you.	Thanks. I like it when you say that, Sam
Get out of town, Bobby, as quick as you can.	Grace, I've been fucked over too many times, by too many women.  You're becoming the queen of hot and cold
So, you are wanting to sell the cocaine for me in your country, George?	Yes, sir.  As much as you can give me
I know.  I'm great at what I do, Dad.  I mean, I'm really great.	Let me tell you something, son.  You would have been great at anything
Who was that at the door?	A visitor
What's happening? What's going on?	It was Bob. His walkie talkie's busted
I'm not a Commander, there is no National Space Exploration Administration. There is no snip.	But there it is!..
It would be a full-service law firm, by and for blondes, providing positive blonde role models and community outreach in high blonde areas. I mean, think about it -- name one blonde intellectual role model.	I can't
It's possible I could adapt one of the torpedo guidance systems to the ICBM - so it would 'home' on the saucer when he rises from the Pole.	What about time...
You're discharged.	Me
What?	He thinks that I am a gentleman and that you are a lady
Eighty cents a word--three--six--nine words. That'll be seven twenty, but it's too much--I'll show you how to save some money.	How
It's me - Lothar.  Are you okay?	I'm okay.  What's up
So what's the argument?	No argument
You never were any good with the ladies, O'Connell.	So you're the one leading the Americans, I shoulda figured. So what's the scam? You get 'em out in the middle of the desert then leave 'em to rot
Nope.	She was a two-masted brig boat sailing out of New York in 1872.  One day she was sighted off the coast of Portugal by a merchant vessel, the Dei Gratia. As the crew of the Dei Gratia got closer, they discovered that no one was at the helm of the Mary Celeste. On boarding, they found her completely deserted. The captain, his wife, their daughter, and the entire crew, all gone. The last entry in their log made no mention of any trouble. The table was even set for dinner. And in the nine days after the last entry, she sailed 700 miles without anyone aboard
The quest's at an end and where's the good of it?  A faerie festival over a pile of bones?	Tis not the wound, that's sure.  Not a scar remains... we're talking about a spell; harder to repair than sword-work
But what can we do? She don't know who's visiting her...	...I know. I went..
Now go find me a big stick.	In the desert? What for
You think my kids have enough to eat, you rat?	I know, it's wrong. Just let me go. I'll leave town ... just let me go
You're talking about the precogs...	You think the three in the tank come from a test tube?  They're merely the ones who survived
I don't have to look around. I've found the husband I want. You can kiss me now.	Thank you, but I can wait
Maybe it's true then what she said.	What did she say
Why don't you stay and watch the fun? You'll enjoy it immensely.	I would. But I've got a weak stomach
Hey, who?	Hey, me. Over here
Where's Buckaroo?  Is he alive?	Course he's alive.  He's Buckaroo Banzai
My wife is Melvin Udall's publisher.  She says I have to take great care of this guy because you're urgently needed back at work. What work do you do?	I'm a waitress
.          .. Spock's tube...	David -
Well, no.	Never
He was getting on . . . and then this man with luggage and . . .  oh, it's a long story.	It always is with Clark
You're up on your details, aren't you?	You can rely on them to keep quiet because this is undeclared money that could land Jack there in federal prison.  He can't afford for you to get caught and have this briefcase appear as evidence
They work off the O2 tank just like the slice pack.	Which is-
I just can't have any social life right now.	Don't worry about it.  We're just having coffee.  We'll be anti- social
Do you read me?  <u>The list is in the open</u>!	Let's just bring you in safely, and then we'll worry about that, okay?  Were you followed
Daddy's not coming back...He's dead.	It's not true! No! It's not true!!! I'll show you he's coming back
You stay there.	What? Ohhhh. Is that... it
Hey.   Mason.	Yeah
In the end, honestly, it's hubris. Simple hubris. You reach a point in this game when the only satisfaction left is to see how clever you are.	No. You lost your way
Hanover, listen...	Shut up
We gotta try.	Anybody else
Why me?	Come on--don't pull that. You know you'd give your right--. What are you staying away from him for
Better hurry, Doc.  A real story.  With a real reporter.	Joey ....  Look, you wanna ride?  I can go by your place
That was a pretty backhanded compliment. If I let people get away with things like that, I wouldn't be a good salesman.	You're right. I apologize. But I still want to talk to you
So that was it? One bump in the road and you gave up?	I also called Unsolved Mysteries
If you find out what I want to know, and if I'm able to successfully use that information, you get to go back to your degenerate little life. If not, you take a bath.	You're one sick bastard. A sadist with a badge looking to rope me in to a suicide mission. I think no matter which way I go I'm likely to wind up face down on a sheet of plastic. So here's my answer: kiss my ass, Hop-along
Yes?	Puffed cheese
No grape could be more intoxicating than you, my dear. But we make due. To your charms.  Skol.	Nostrovia
Prepping your trip.	Really? Do I get to know where I'm going? It makes packing so much easier
Then I'm going--	--no, you're not. You love me too much. You don't want to see them kill me
Now we'll both call him.	Come on, sweetheart..
If this is just the dump site, where did he do the job?  Where did he pick her up?	Doped up kids all over town.  Park was full of them last night.  Very easy pickin'.  Goetz's type
Maybe.	You know who
I'm putting in a new illusion tonight.  Will you be there?	Sure.  You want me to find out about Quaid?  I mean, the funeral
No, I don't.	So you weren't drunk when you received those alleged obscene phonecalls
She knows who killed Del. Elden, she said it was a woman.	It wasn't a woman
Respect shee-it! You even steal flowers for his grave.	Can he smell the difference, eh
We're not interested.	Maybe you'll be. You're a smart young man. You let Hildy do this story for me and you can write out a $100,000.00 insurance policy for me. What do you say
She wears this gingham dress -- cooks popovers -- makes jam in season -- makes her own soap from pig fat and wood ashes and has cheeks the color of red apples.	I'll make the soap myself
Alderman Swayzak.	Investigator Rimgale
She did that deliberately.	She's a beast
Yes, it's quite possible.	You keep saying that, but you don't tell me how.  How could a producer make more money with a flop than with a hit
That was unbelievable what you did to Lucas. The guy's an animal.	You could do it
Clear the area. This is an order!	What is wrong with you
You're a pig... a happy-go-lucky pig.	No..
I mean, what were you doing? Were you a resident or on a staff someplace?	That's right
As the fat renders, the tallow floats to the surface.  Remember the crap they taught you in Boy Scouts.	Hard to imagine you in Boy Scouts
Don't give me that! She liked you, man.	I know she liked me. I mean, it's not like I wanted to do anything with her tonight
I had bypass surgery.	And how are you now
Well, he's kinda just resting in the corner with his girlfriend.	Resting
Yes.  Definitely.  Definitely. Please, God.	Well, there it is, isn't it?  You don't even like them, and you'd sleep with them.  What's that all about
I told you. I have to go back into the past. Once more. For the last time.	But why? Why here
What the hell's going on?	Don't know -- Broussard got hurt somehow
Hello Mayolia.	Walter, you did something to me with your work tonight
Who the hell was your father?	Well, Dad said..
Doubt it.	Actually, there is some interest from the Sundance Channel
Oh, hi!  Did you find her all right?	Yes, I did
'Bout eighty kilos southwest.	That far
Do you know the answer to this?	I'm asking you.  I'm asking you if you know why Clauida will not speak to you....please, Jimmy....tell me
Fletch.	Frank, you look a little peaked. Wanna vomit
Willow Ufgood.	Yes...
What?	Where is Jesse James
And for all that dough I don't do nothin'?	Absolutely nothing. You do nothing and you say nothing. You understand, don't you, kid
What crap?	Me.  This endless ...blonde babble. I'm like, boring myself
The word is given: warp speed.	Aye..
He did.	“Well rewarded” Those were his words
See. Get your boots.	Hi honey
Starshells.	Get out of our way, Mr. Secretary. The navy has been running blockades since the days of John Paul Jones
"Good morning. I'm afraid this isn't a very ""Merry Christmas"" for you."	Oh, he's sitting up
Why can't you just drive me to my old school every morning?	Because you'd have to get up at five a.m., would you like that
No -- she didn't.	Just wanted to surprise you, I guess.  Down!  After you, Bruce!  Come on, Hildy, my treat
Not at all.  But how about going into town and confirming your intuitions on site?	Oh well, if that's how you feel about it
Pretty advanced, isn't it?	Ought to be, they stole everything and reverse-engineered it. Looks like all they need is the chip
I want this thing to go to court, but my lawyer's telling me to settle.	Why
Have you agreed on a meeting?	A week from tonight.  In Brooklyn on Tessio's ground, where I'll be safe
That's where I live.  And I want to get back there so badly I'm going all the way to Emerald City to get the Wizard of Oz to help me.	You're going to see a Wizard
I went on Monday. But I spent most of the time helping him with his computer.	Well, I say fuck therapy and what's that stuff you take, Xanax
Marla...	Your whacked-out, bald freaks hit me with a fucking broom.  I thought they were going to break my arm
Yeah?	Now he's back
Said, a person's gotta make a living.	You sure you heard what I said
Let's get away from here.	That's dynamite, Joe
Man, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.	Bullshit! Your uncle told you
Conspiracy in Statutory Rape?  Okay.  Of whom?	This young woman
Grab your socks and pull... Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw...	No!... Shaw!  Director of The Trade Mart?  This is incredible
Right: Lovers of the world unite!	And we won't stretch up our arms..
Even if we have the tape, that wouldn't shut him up!	You killed him..
Your watch.	Is it real
Can I help you?	Yes, sir. I need a roo
Paulie, I swear, I'm afraid. The guy's nuts. What do I have to do? Whatever I gotta do, I'll do.	What can I do? If I could do something, don't you think I would
Signs and wonders. But I think once you stop hearin' sir and madam the rest is soon to follow.	It's the tide. It's the dismal tide. It is not the one thing
I'm always interested in people in stressful occupations and being a paramedic is about as stressful as I can imagine. Here, sit down. What's it like? Tell me some war stories.	Got a beer
Oh, that's ok, a lot of men feel uncomfortable when they come in here.	A lot of men come in here
I'm not just your wife, I'm a person all by myself - or I ought to be.  I was once.  Sometimes you get me to believing I never was.	We can discuss all this some other time, Susan.  Right now 
I mean, you feel a little feverish.	I've never felt better in my life. When do you get off work
He must have something or he wouldn't be pressing so hard.	If he files are you going to take the case
Don't I look like I'm listening?	We want Brooklyn one hundred percent.  No more taxes to you.  We want to be only loosely connected with your family -- sort of a under-family all of our own.  Then we can act on all internal matters without talking.  Also we want you to inform Michael Corleone that we can deal directly with him
She still work there?	No.  Not after that night.  I don't know what happened.  Maybe he caught her with some john... All I know is, the next morning the girl was gone and there was a dead boy... Indian kid named Davy.  Used to live down the road there in a wrecked car. Him and Suzie were at the Glades that night.  It was right after that, Ray got Suzie busted and sent her away.  That's what there is to say about Ray Duquette
What did you do?	What did I do
Goin' dove huntin'?	You gotta go, R.L.. I ain't foolin' this time
Just wait till you hear...	Hear what
"I know it begins with a ""C""..."	"Well, Mr. ""C"", how about buying a girl a drink?  Two bourbons"
How?	I was younger... It was college. You didn't go to college, you don't know what it's like. You screw chicks you have no business being with. They're young, they don't know any better
First big night of liberty and no date?  You're pathetic, Wickwire.	Maybe I'll just head over to McP's with the others, have a drink or four.  Don't wanna come, do you
Very much.	Where do you hail from
You can't go up there.	Why not
Did you bring any of those wee girls who used to sit at the bar in the Diplomat with you? You know?	I'm sorry, Mr. Daglish, this is the Mille Collines. No working girls here
You’re so...beautiful...	I already told you you were gonna get lucky, Jack..
They'll have guns.	What
When I'm surrounded, with my back against the wall, you're not going to lay down on me, are you --	Yes
Oh, I don't doubt is was quite beautiful -	Don't fuckin' patronize me
Not with any certainty we...	Why did he come back
Each day is a little life.	What
I know you. You don't think I know you're on the take. This whole fucking precinct is dirty. You don't have a fucking leg to stand on.	Hockney was just a bad bastard. Good with explosives. Mean as a snake when it mattered 
The story's thrilling conclusion comes at a premium.	What's that then
Fiction or non-fiction?	Why don't you shut up
Look, I need to see him. I know where his room is. Just give me a pass. I won't be long. Ten minutes.	Our doctors are seen by appointment only
Gag on your own invention, then.	Oh, come now..
What about the others?	They'll be there when we get there. Might even have a fire started
Baxter, you're not reading me. I told you I have plans.	So do I -- I'm going to take four aspirins and get into bed -- so you better give the tickets to somebody else -
I don't mind...	Relax.  You've done enough
Not everything.  Even on earth.  Take ... yeasts.	Yeasts?  Thank you, Beth, but I don't think we're gonna open it up and find a loaf of bread
What?	These attacks... it's got something to do with her... uh... pancreas
I have been troubled about you. I want you to know that my room is just downstairs --  You have only to cry out if you are ill —— or frightened.	How kind you are. It is so comforting to know that someone cares
You don't do that, you don't call him, you don't know to get involved in the bussiness of his, of his of <u>my</u> family. this is the <u>family</u>, <u>me</u> and <u>him</u> do you understand?  You understand? NO ONE ELSE. THERE IS NO ONE ELSE.  That man, his son does not exist.  HE IS DEAD.  HE IS DEAD and WHO TOLD YOU TO DO THAT?	Earl asked me, Linda, please, Linda, I'm sorry -- Earl asked me -
It's . . . it's locked.	You closed it, didn't you, Grace
So did I.	Let's try and get these ropes loose. We've got to get to Marcus before the Nazis do
Brooke, I believe you. But a jury is gonna want an alibi.	I can't give you that. And if you put me on the stand, I'll lie
Four.	No
He wasn't. I can feel it.	You love him, don't you
Not again.	I adjusted it
I'm alright.	Yeah, you're alright.  But you're certainly not happy.  So what happens if you get happy?  And yes I know that's the title of an Elvis Costello album, I use the reference deliberately to catch your attention. Should we split up because I'm used to you being miserable?  What happens if you, I don't know, start you're own record label, and it's a success? Time for a new girlfriend
You talked to him?	In the trunk, yeah
I don't think I can wait until tomorrow. This needs clearing up.	What needs clearing up
There is no such thing as magic.	Really?  Then... what is your rebuttal to those romantic poets claiming proof of magic in a rose at full bloom, or even in a teardrop
I don't know whether I like it very much being seen around with an angel without any wings.	Oh, I've got to earn them, and you'll help me, won't you
Your friends use the pool. Your friends messed it up.	Your friends use the pool too
Hey, it doesn't work? You've burned your bridges, man.	You ready...
He busted Casanova and sent the crooks packing.	And this has been a pretty nice place to live ever since
Don't you see what this means?  You really think Sam and Kelly are gonna give you a third of the money?  You, the pill-head with the rap sheet?	Shut up
How do you mean?	I'm figurin' how I can say it so's you won't get mad
You think so, eh? Which comes first, L or... Glooph?	Glooph is not a letter, sir
I look horrible.	The other two -- the new ones. Where are they
Walt Disney, who gave us Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, plays shuffleboard.  Jesus Christ plays shuffleboard.	"It was almost worth the trip--to find out that Jesus Christ in Heaven was just another guy, playing shuffleboard.  I like his sense of humor, though--you know? He's got a blue-and-gold warm-up jacket he wears.  You know what it says on the back? ""Pontius Pilate Athletic Club."" Most people don't get it.  Most people think there really is a Pontius Pilate Athletic Club"
Pier Angeli, 1971 or '72, also pills. Charles Boyer, 1978, pills again. Charles Butterworth, 1946, I think. In a car. Supposedly it was an accident, but, you know...  He was distraught. Dorothy Dandridge, she took pills in, like, 1965. Albert Dekker, 1968, he hung himself. He wrote his suicide note in lipstick on his stomach. Alan Ladd, '64, more pills, Carole Landis, pills again, I forget when. George Reeves, Superman on TV, shot himself. Jean Seberg, pills of course, 1979. Everett Sioane -- he was good -- pills. Margaret Sullavan, pills, Lupe Velez, a lot of pills. Gig Young. He shot himself and his wife in 1978. There are more but I don't know if you would have heard of them. Ross Alexander? Clara Blandick? Maggie McNamara? Gia Scaia?	I haven't heard of half of those
Okay.  I'll take blood parasites and organic brain dementia --	I want that
I don't need a job. I have a quest.	I take it back - you're fucking deranged... And you're going to get yourself killed trying to get in there
No, that was me.	There you go again, blaming yourself.  Can't you see what she's done to you -- she's taking advantage, mocking you.  You deserve better than Simone.  I've got to go, Dad
I thought I knew you. I thought I knew you better, I thought in your heart you were a good and kind man. Well, I can't believe what I've just heard in this room. A defenseless girl depending on you for protection, and you propose to mutilate and destroy her. How could you listen even for a moment to that sadistic man?	Well, now, darlin'... give me a chance to defend myself
And believe me, word will get out that you're a pro rat.	That's not good in prison. It's just not good
What made you pull out that old thing?	I was thinking of you
I'm sorry Naomi couldn't make it. You okay? You seem quiet.	Just a little overworked, maybe
Yep.  For the hose.  But while you was gone I replaced a gasket.  That's going to run you another fifty.	I didn't tell you to replace any gasket
Nothin' really. Just kinda goin' back and forth. They had some black girl from some black show on Jay Leno. I watched that for a bit, but I kept flippin channels cause I didn't know who she was.	Guess where I am
No, you don't!  He does not work well with others.	What do you mean?  What's he do
That's stupid! I happen to know my mom is the tooth fairy.	Your mom is the tooth fairy? That is so cool
I don't see anybody in there but you.	I would appreciate a little space. Thank you
Jerry, I want you to be soft. You are soft -- inside -— where it matters. I wanted it that day too, but didn't dare tell you.	We ought to dare to tell each other everything, Kiki -- you and I
Not so fast!  All trips are canceled. We pay for wire services. And what we don't get from them, we'll invent.	Mr. White, come with me I want to se
Yes I am...	I know how to do this!  I'm good at these games.  You never play, you'd be nailed in an instant
What's that?	I said you should stop worrying because I've made up my mind
What the hell happened?	They were inside.  They booby trapped her apartment
Do Cagney. Like you did yesterday.	There was that ammunition train in the depot at Frankfurt, see? So Dunbar gets himself in the men's room and fixes a time bomb, see? Then he waits until the train starts moving out, see? And one of the cars got the door open with some straw on the floor, see? So he throws it, see, and three minutes later -- voom! See
You sure? What about before he turned up with the boy?	... No. In fact, I’d seen him a couple of months earlier. He was quite depressed. His work wasn’t getting anywhere. He said he was going to try something new, realism, London in the nineties - documentary stuff, you know..
Yeah. Mom. Mom and brother.	You look like you were a very sensitive child. You have expressive eyes
That proletarian! In the old days we'd have had her flogged.	That wouldn't have done any good. Not with her.  She's the most incredible creature I've ever seen
Here we go again...	You know women normally change five times more than men
This is going to be very difficult for you at accept, Mr. Quaid.	I'm listening
Then it went well.	Did it really go well
Okay, okay... What do I do now, lie down on the floor and, uh, bow from the ankles? What do I do, go home?	That's your problem
Why don't you just move out to Portchester?	Well, that's what I was saying. My father is getting old. And we're very close. He's a wonderful man, really..
You drive a hard bargain, but I had a feeling you were my boy when I met you.	I'm not your boy, Jake.  I don't like you, and I don't like what you are.  I got no choice but to do business with you.  This is just a nasty little marriage of convenience
...why is everything always about you...	...everything is not about me, don't make me the villain here.  That asshole was out of line, and you goddamn well know it..
I'm handling it.	He let the fucking cop out -- but he won't -
You kids. Now Birdie, I want you to have a cookie and then run along home.	But Mom, the video's not over
What did he want?	He asked how you are
Why don't you come with us.	OK
Yeah?	Wouldn't it be fabulous if we somehow stayed in love for the rest of our lives
I don't know--let's break some windows.	Why
I think I got something.	Oh yeah? You pick up the watch
Dad!	What
I don't know, John.  I'm a fire fighter. This is...this is different.	I do know.  I'm a cop.  This is what I do
What?	Him dying like that
Mush!  Mush!	Look at this! Snow. Ice.  Your idea of a good time
If she can stand it, I can. Play it!	Yes, boss
I mean, that worked out.	Oh my God!
Who?	The author. Thought you might be interested
I'm not giving him <u>Pizza</u>. I haven't seem him for a year? I'm gonna cook him a dinner.	Dinner's another night, darlin .. This is a drive-by. I got an hour .
You understand?	Not even her
I wasn't going to say --	"But that's what you were thinking. And that's okay.  Because I know you love me.  Not like it is with Susan, the way your eyes light up when she comes in the room and the way she always gets a laugh out of you, as opposed to me when I walk in a room and that look comes over your face, ""What does she want now?"
What am I looking for?	My lucky charm
I've never seen anything like this, maybe Segal, but nothing with such... dichotomy...  It's very good, Walter -	Honest
How much soda, sir.	Just a squirt
It would take me but an instant to tear that valiant heart from your chest.	There'll be another after me. And another after that. You'll find we're a resilient species
You and I, Niki, have very different ideas about sex.	Why? Are you a sex fiend
Millie, I know what I'm doing.	We should leave this town. I can't take this anymore. I'm not gonna let him kill you in my house
You are not dressed properly.	Dressed for what
I wouldn't know.	It amazes me how organized you and your little fun bunch can be when it comes time to mobilize to Vegas
It's nothing.  Really.	I just got tired of looking at the old drapes.  Had them long as I can remember
Yeah, well, it's just us and a few hundred of our closest friends.	When I read your work I felt that you knew me.  Women must tell you that.  And this one in particular speaks to me, do you know?  I am Genna.  How many women must tell you that.  And the script is wonderful.  Wonderful and lean and visual..
I'm wondering why the hell he hasn't shown up.	He can't hurt us, Michael.  It's us - our love.  He can't find a crack in it.  He can't find a way in
It'll take the pain away.	It's not really pain
How a girl get like that?	Like I told you
It is why Krishna brought you here.	Nobody brought us here. Our plane crashed. We were shot down by -
I buy that.	As in, the vegetable
What he did was light the bandwagon on fire.  Because he knows what I know -- that American families are not prepared to put their daughters in harm's way.	You don't know that
What is this?	I'm just trying to get to know you, Peter
Morton Hull, the producer of 'This Evening' just called.	Yes, I have seen that show on television
James!  That's a policeman.  Pretend you don't know me.  If he sees you...	No, I want to turn myself in.  Where is he?  Don't worry -- it's all okay now.  I'm not crazy any more!  I mean, I am crazy, mentally divergent, actually, but I know it now and I want you to help me.  I want to get well..
The only reason he was on Route 18 was because he own the lottery and had to collect the winnings.	That lucky bastard
Nine seconds.	Eleven and a half
Yeah? Give me a goodbye kiss.	...What
Picked up Jill. She was supposed to visit for the weekend for Halloween. She wanted to go home.	Who
Not exactly, sugar... One reason we're in all the trouble we're in right now is cause of what I was doin'... I tried to tell you this before...	You're scarin' me, baby
I can't see a thing.	Nor can I.  Damn!  It's buzzing all around me.  Ouch!  I can hear it like a fly trapped inside my ear... Says its name is Oona
And, I'm asking you to trust me without understanding why.	Well, in that case...of course, son
Damage report!	Captain... All systems have failed... We are functioning on reserve power only
Yeah... just .... Dr. Scott's got 'im. You remember Dr.Scott.	Oh yeah
How would you know?	Just doesn't, that's all
You do?  Over here?  On <u>my</u> side?	I think so
How's Butkus this mornin'?	Ain't had time to check 'em
I mean New York's one thing, but can you see this guy, imagine it, running around the goddam beach all suntan and he's going in swimming, like, and then somebody yells 'Hey, Ratso' -- how does that sound to you?	Sounds like they knew you
Can't tell.  Pretty tall.  He's real scrunched up in that thing.	Let me see
Well, I'll be on the golf course in the morning.  Then, if I don't have any babies to deliver--	We almost had an accident today. DeJesus' suit..
I wasn't kidding. I'd like to take you out.	Look, I'm flattered but, seriously it could never work
It's a test.	That's my girl
The tough part's almost over for you. I mean, my girlfriends always tell me the first couple months are the hardest.	Yeah, but I hardly noticed it. I'm more worried about the part where I have to start wearing jeans with an elastic panel in the front
Verbal, he left you behind for a reason. If you all knew Soze could find you anywhere, why was he ready to send you off with the money when he could have used you to take the boat?	He wanted me to live
I guess.	They did do one great thing. They gave us our boy
Totally. I'm fine. You want a beer, man -- ?	Sure -
"... so when your dad said, ""I never want to see your ""f-'in' faces again!"" do you think he meant forever or just until your mom wakes up?"	I don't know... And what the hell was that sound she made right before she hit the coffee table
I guess you ain't gonna shoot me, are you?	I kinda doubt it
You should get one, I'm serious, you could get a lot of stuff out of this --	Like what
My letters of appointment.	Appointment to what
Yeah... Call me at home. I'll give you the number.	Okay, baby
He's teaching environmental science, Grant. Probably wants to borrow my lesson plans from last semester.	Oh yeah, that's what he wants to borrow, this guy
Austin, we don't look anything like our photo badges.	Don't worry, baby. I picked up a mind control technique during my travels to India. I learned it from my guru, the late Guru Shastri, a chaste man who mysteriously died of a disease that had all the hallmarks of syphilis.  Just watch me. Watch me, now
I'm sorry, George...	You're DAMN RIGHT you're sorry!  And you -- you're the road manager! You should be watchin' out for him
The weak, the weak have got to have somebody to fight for them. Isn't that the truth? You want another drink?	I think I will
Yeah, I guess it is, boy. Just you and me.	You wanna raise the bet? Two on the five, five on the nine
I read your report. I had to go along with it -- the idea of this being a wild goose chase, Tom being nowhere around --	Well as a matter of -
You mean, <u>dis</u>satisfied.	That's right -- you're a left-brain word fetishist
We could cross-reference a data base on media ownership. But not on our own computers. Not even at home.	Certainly not at my happy home
You've got a name, haven't you?	Yeah. I got a name. Peter Warne
I'm afraid you'll hurt him.	It's Junior, isn't it
Yes.	Sometimes. Afterward
Well, I can offer you something to drink?	Sure, what have you got
I couldn't work in the city. You see, I've got my family in the country.	But you could bring 'em in here! We'll pay all your expenses
Listen, got a question for you.  Do you know if anybody is doing any blasting or drilling or anything like that?	Around here?  Why would they
It's all right, Mickey.	You ruined my life, Mister...Me and my wife...and I am going to ruin yours...  You don't have to go out there to see that girl.  We been going four years.    Four years...my wife's been crying herself to sleep what they, what, what they did to her sister
I think he wants me.	Ha! Right bitch
Cool!	Does Jeffrey know
Well, waddaya say, you wanna ask them? I'll take the one inna green dress.	I think this number is a little fast. Wait a minute
No. You know what gets old? Being reminded what a loser you are every time you screw up.	Here it comes, poor Tom
What about Oleg?	Disappeared.  They're looking everywhere.  Maybe he went back to Czechoslovakia
Oh, I wish they wouldn't feed him like that.	Now he'll be up all night..
Ah, how nice to meet you, General Bonaparte.  One has read so much about you lately.  Please sit down.	Thank you, Madame de Beauharnais. You probably don't recall but we met briefly a few months ago, at a party at Paul's house
Okay, now. But-	Wait two seconds then go
And you don't know your name or who you are, that right?	I... no, I... I just can't..
Yep, it's the CRM-114 code, all right.	Very interesting
I'm trying to help somebody. Okay?	"He's at it again.  Like that night at the Emerald.  This piece of Euro-trash is slapping shit out of his little wife in a back booth -- so Mr. Good Deed here has got to step in and pound the fucker's head into the wall.  Meantime ""Wifey"" recovers enough to pull off her high heel and nearly take our hero's eye out.  It took six stitches"
I'm glad ya come.	What's with the banquet? This is supposed to be a private meet
Well, no one could accuse you of being over-exposed, Simone.  Why have you stayed so completely out of the limelight?	I just think actors talk too much. Does the world really want to hear your life story just because you've got a movie opening Friday
Looks like the natives are restless.	Will
How many shots you say you heard?	Four to six
John Levy, Staff, and Amy Cain, Press Off....	Alright.  Look here, any of you kids hear in this room:  what you hear here, what you say here, what you <u>do</u> here, f'it got out, you leaked it.  Tell'em what they need to know
But Dad --	Now
Who? Who did that?	Krueger
Excuse me? What's your name, son?	Gerald
Where?	Never mind
Who are you?	I've come to help your family
You hear that?	Hear what
She mentioned, of course, that Margo expects to play the part?	Oddly enough - she didn't say a word about Margo. Just that she'll be happy to do what she can to see that I play the part
Heaven.	I think, everybody gets their own white horse, and all they do is ride and eat marshmallows all day, and everybody's best friends with everybody else, when you play sports, there's no teams, so nobody gets picked last
Yeah, Steve. Steve was all right for awhile.	All right for awhile? The guy's good- looking, rich, witty. He was a god
...we're all gonna die in this...	...tunnel now
Safe!  At Port Royal.  With the Royal Navy.	That boat is my livelihood
Yeah, she is.  Good luck.	Okay.  Good afternoon.  Goodbye
Right away.	I'll call you right back
Rita Hayworth at the morgue and now Veronica Lake with White. What the hell's going on?	Movie star hookers.  Whatever you desire... It's Fleur-fr-Lis again
I don't think you will.	I don't want to be too much of a liability
Not enough, what do you want?	I should maybe go to the bathroom
I know you're out there!  Answer the goddamn call!	What happens if you don't
What about the heart that you promised Tin Man --?	Well, I -
Excuse me?	I'm going to spend <u>money</u>
Tight security.  No guns.  Real plus.	If I supposedly deliver the NOC list to Max, Max has agreed to deliver Job to me. Iíll have Claire and Luther Stickell with me on the train.  Marcel Krieger will have helicopter transport waiting in Paris
Thank you.	They told me I was caputt - finished - washed up - and now you're making a chump out of all those experts
This is Barry.	What are you doing
Wait.  This town is full of trucks.  Nice new trucks.  You don't need to go...	...take my sorry old truck
Got to be somewhere.	Try and go, then
Hi, Andy.  How's the weather up there?	Oh, you know the Bay Area!  Always foggy
Wednesday.  We left the office together.	Did you go anywhere afterwards -- to have a drink perhaps
We didn't kill Gorkon.	Of course not. Anyway, somebody up there wants you out of the way
The nanobot is the only thing that can stabilize the waste.	What waste
You believe that?	I do if you do
Can I have your name again?	Paul Rusesabagina, Mr. Godefroid. The house manager. I met you on your last visit
You're not going to drive.	Give me the keys
Somebody was serious about doing this guy, that's for sure.	Ray
Counselor, you're insulting me.	Counselor, you're bluffing. Shall I push for misdemeanor two
I don't want to be paid.  I'm here with Sal and eight other people ... and we're dyin'!  They're gonna blow our guts out, man!  You're gonna see our brains onna sidewalk! How's that for all you shut-ins and housewives to look at!  You gonna help, or you just put it on instead of AS THE WORLD TURNS?  We're dyin' here!  What have you got for me?	You could give up
I'm coming.	Listen, Johnny, don't do anything stupid. You couldn't get within a mile of Schaeffer right now. So stay put... Stay in touch – I'll let you know when maybe it makes sense
When Jeff gets through with Taylor, Pop--	When Jeff gets through with Taylor--  Quiet! What do you mean by breaking in here--? Get out! Get *out* of here
Through blasphemy?  You have corrupted the entire choir!	Hold on.  That's not fair.  I worked hard with them.  They gave up their free time, and they loved it.  Those women are happy.  And we can get even better.  We can wake this place up
No... I can't!	Ya, ya goin' outta the bedroom an' I don't wanna know from nothin'
Second chair.	Not an owner
Chill out Sonny.	We're the ones doing the death- defying shit?  And he wants us to give that up?  For what? A chump-change bust so he can get his picture in <i>The Miami Herald</i> to impress the slug farm in DC..
That's the best I can do.  ...but minute-by-minute, I find myself lingering.	...I just saw my doctor, he told me everything was fine
don't know. I'd have to see on what you base your claim. I presume you feel you're justified in—	If I didn't I wouldn't be here!  I've got it all itemized
I want 'im outta here --  Don't think I'm good enough to work for Gazzo?  That's what I think of bums like you an' Gazzo!  You're goin' up an' don't care enough to throw Paulie some crumbs!  I give ya meat, an' I give ya my sister, too!	Only a pig would say that
Over the Black Sea. I can probably get us to Turkey or Georgia.	No! If we land this plane anywhere else, we will end up another Entebe.  The Americans built a super plane that flies through mushroom cloud, evades missiles and...  refuels in mid-air. Call the White House
Ah yes. Of course... So few survive.  La creme de la creme... How did you obtain release?	Playing
The shields in that section won't protect them against the thermolytic reaction...	Thank-you for reminding me
...but that's two hundred dollars. This is blood money...	If we don't look like we know what we're doing, then we may as well..
Oh, bullshit, he's a fucking convict. You know how much he hated West --	I hated West, Childs hated West, everyone with a goddamn brain hated West but that doesn't mean we killed him
Tomorrow at ten at the Prefect's office.	We'll be there
Don't act so -- crazy.	I'm sorry. Let's go
You're right.  You're fired.	Will that interfere with my getting maternity leave?  I'm pregnant
I wouldn't know.  I never had that many first thoughts.	I mean, you commit to a wedding. And then it seems like... this... momentum, you know?  You forget you... chose it
That sounds kind of pessimistic.	No, realistic. There's no magic in the world. Girls just don't get swept off their feet anymore
I don't wanna lift crates.	"You don't hafta lift shit. You don't really work there. But as far as the records are concerned, you do. I call up Matthews, the foreman, tell him he's got a new guy. You're on the schedule. You got a timecard, it's clocked in and out for you everyday, and you get a pay check at the end of the week. And ya know dock workers don't do too bad. So you can move into a halfway decent place without Scagnetti thinkin ""what the fuck."" And if Scagnetti ever wants to make a surprise visit, you're gone that day. That day we sent you to Tustin. We gotta bunch of shit you needed to unload there. You're at the Taft airstrip pickin' up a bunch of shit and bringing it back. Part of your job is goin' different places - and we got places all over the place"
Ann Taylor would have paid a lot more, but I wouldn't trade this experience for the world. Sometimes the first time you understand anything is when you have to explain it to someone younger-- You think I'm a big dork don't you?	I think your passion is terrific
Shit, yeah.  I got numbers coming out of my ears.  Like, for instance, ten.	Ten
Hey, Lawrence how are you doing mate?	Doug, haven't seen you for a while
You can't quit, Scully.	I can, Mulder. I debated whether or not to even tell you in person, because I knew -
With a jacked-up attitude.	Didn't know you cared so much
Jerry's visits to your office. Why do you tolerate them?  Why him?	A year ago I was leaving work late one night.  Two guys tried to mug me.  It was horrible.  Jerry came out of nowhere.  To my rescue. Then he started coming to see me.  Could've been a storybook if he wasn't crazy.  At first I did my beat to avoid him.  But there's something inside Jerry and...  Jerry made me see it.  <u>He made me</u> <u>see him</u>.  That make sense
It takes money to buy food.	Why, haven't you—
I say, will you have a cigarette?	No
I'll find out, you know. Perhaps not today--perhaps not tomorrow. But in the end, I'll find out.	The police always do, don't they
You should sleep, Cathy. Lie down and close your eyes. Try to forget everything.	When I close my eyes, I see Miss Wollsten. I can't think of anything else
Do we run into the street? No, I didn't think so.  Nice car. How's that place?	It's a pretty piece of land
Anything else you don't want me to know?	Nope. Just keep those wheels churning
Oh yeah?  Give up?  You ever been in prison?	Of course not ..
What is this?	You won't need much. Just a little tiny taste, that stuff makes pure mescaline seem like ginger-beer. Adrenochrome
It was her voice.  On the radio.  It was Jamie.  Calling for me.	You don't know that for sure.  It could have been anyone.  A practical joke. Kids
Sir. Your son meant more to me than you can know. I'd have given my life if it would have saved his. You must believe me when I tell you that he made no request of me!	He would not have spoken of it openly
Don't point at me.	You never were a team player. That's why you never had any friends
I tried to tell myself I buried him alive. You know--Edgar Allan Poe meets Felix the Cat. But...	Wouldn't wash
Why don't you leave me alone?	Because I want you--will always want you--no other woman'll ever take your place.  I want you more now than I did that first night--  You've forgotten all that, I suppose
Oona?  Do you suppose it's a faerie?	Ow!  Whatever it is, it hurts
I remember the first time I met Vickie... I know there's somethin' up. I know she's doin' somethin', but I can't catch her...	Maybe she's afraid you're gonna hit her so she can't talk to you the way she wants to
Ellen?	What
You got it.	It's great to hear from you
Interesting business.	No, to be honest, I find it dull
We did it.	Now, was that so terrible? ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           64
. . . I look at you, Lenny, and I know how the Romans felt when the barbarians arrived at their city gate.	But why the hair
Where were you, Jake? Where've you been? Why haven't you called?	Stay away from me, Jez
What's up, Ray?	Claude
What's going on?	I'm coming over to your side, that's what.  And I have a feeling I'm making a big mistake
Two are still missing.	No. They are here -- somewhere. A century ago when the British raided this temple and butchered my people, a loyal priest hid the last two stones down here in the catacombs
We make our own choices, we pay our own prices.	All part of the business
Hey, this one's mine, this button. This one, you rem-	Yeah
I'm from a small town too, you know.	Really
Uh, no. No, I ain't drunk.	Ordinance says you got to turn in your firearms to the County office day or night. I guess you didn't read it with the weather an' all
I didn't think she was so bad-looking.	She musta kept you inna shadows all night
I...	You got to get out of here..
Okay. I think everything's set.  You've got the number for Cape Cod, right? Just in case something goes wrong.	No problem, Vinnie. Everything's under control.  I could run this store in my sleep
I am a bastard.  I'm a big Hun Nazi son of a bitch.  And I still got your bamboo fishing rod.	Oh, yeh
Just to see if there was an accident on Mulholland Drive.	Okay
"They didn't let me. I am in disgrace. Last week at the performance of Carmen I played a sour note. The conductor got so excited he yelled, ""There's sabotage in the string section!"""	Too bad... you missed an inspiring day, Anna
I thought he was, but he came back.	Where
All right.  Whoever she is, I'll admit she seems to know more about Krueger than I do.	The question is, what happened to Freddy's body
Uh-huh.	Is it true you're impervious to pain
We have some nice places around Vancouver.	I'm sure you have
Did you hit him?	I didn't hit shit
Max something.  I got no clue where she stays.	Any idea when she'll be back
Who are you?	My name's Lydia.  And it seems you and I have a lot in common
"Or we could write ""expletive deleted."""	"... and get rid of all these ""goddamns"" and ""Jesus Christs"""
You're hanging on better here than you did in America.	This is a different situation, Dr. Jones. These people are like children. We have to lead them slowly into the twentieth century
Somebody couldn't wait until dark.	H'm
You go first. Let me watch how to do this.	You don't get nothin' done by watchin'. You just gotta do it. Here, I'll help you
Is Mr. Barrenger there...?	No, wait a, wait a, wait a...we can't put her in the car, she gets it in her head to sue, or rape, or some goddam, she wasn't in..
What did we do, Jud?	Why, saved a little girl from being unhappy...that's all. Drink up, Louis
Look at his face... and his hair...  Is that what it is to grow old?	It could be..
Can I... Can I t-t-talk to you?	Sure.  Come on in.  I was just packing
Riders --	We know, Ma. Now we got to get you to Doc Mimms
Because it's in The Big Chill.	Haven't seen it
We stranded five runners in the first two innings. This will come back to haunt us.	I want to be fair-minded, Nicky
What's your beef, boys? So I'm trading. Everybody here is trading. Only maybe I trade a little sharper. So that makes me a collaborator.	A lot sharper, Sefton! I'd like to have some of that loot you got in those footlockers
Try 'Flintstone.'	What
See you Tuesday, Frank.	Right Ben. LET'S GO FUCK. I'll fuck anything that moves
The king can do to wrong!	King Solomon was game he gave each Girl his name to number them would make a list that long I'll bet his thousand wives led miserable lives if the king can do no wrong
You here to write my life story?	Not likely, Reggie.  Maybe I just need some help
I'm gonna work this man's brains out the back of his head.	Shoot him, Wilkins
Ivan Petrov.  Supposed to meet me for dinner, never shows up.  I come here, find this.	You guys been holding hands
You look awful.	Thanks
It's a beautiful dress...	I know
You sure?	Totally.  I checked all the rooms and closets..
Why'd you betray me, sugarplum?!	Grant, no
We're running out of time, sir.	Oh, yes... Well, Doolittle, if you can't get it to drop you'll have to talk to it
Do we have to?	I got this cousin. He's a real doofus, but he claims he can become invisible
And one of them is in love with the <u>sister</u> of...	I'm just talking about the Hats
No.	One last time. Give me the box
Stepmother.  She's out torturing the movers.	Lydia.  Try to be civil.  I'm going to see if I can set up a noise-free zone in the study
What's in there?	A little bunny I saved from dissection
I'll pay Lilly back, don't you worry about that.	I don't like to come here, Roy. Every time I do, your mother comes in and makes remarks
Do you think he set me up? Do you think that was his intention?	Like I know his intention? Or yours for that matter?  I should join Sam. I'm too old for this bullshit
Listen, if he doesn't run, all you have to do is break down, go to your bedroom and pack some things, start crying, saying you love him but you can't do it.  You're sorry but you have to leave and just walk out.	okay, all right
Forget it.	I have been known, on occasion, to howl at the moon.  D'you understand that
He probably knew you'd end up nailing the fat guy, maybe one or two more, but he had to know you weren't walking out of there. Figure it out. Shooter's dead on the scene. No in-depth investigation. It'd slide right off his back. 'Cause as much as I love ya, you're not exactly Don Corleone. What would he be losing? A thirty- five year old delivery boy?	No, no. That's just not the way things are done. Besides, how's he know I don't just get in there see there's too many and just serve em their fuckin' food and beat it
Who are you?	His Parole Officer
I think that you do. Do you know where I'm going?	Why would I care where you're going
So you called the damned thing Elvis	I had no idea how powerful it was
Mr. Thatcher, isn't everything I've been saying in the Enquirer about the traction trust absolutely true?	They're all part of your general attack - your senseless attack - on everything and everybody who's got more than ten cents in his pocket. They're 
After all, you did go to the trouble of bringing up those birds.	I'm sorry. I couldn't possibly..
And a fifty foot extension lead?	You don't have fifty foot of apartment
Hot tip,  Rubber Biscuit in the third race at Arlington.	Dick, what's with those guys out there in the gutter
Was it Foley?	Off a tip
What?	I'll come with you
We won, Austin.	Groovy. Smashing! Good on ya!  Nice tie. Yea capitalism
Thanks.  For everything.	No sweat
He probably knows a lot more than that. Somebody's lying.	Not necessarily
It's called a Cascading Bio- genic Pulse. The unique properties of Thalaron radiation allow the energy beam to expand almost without limits. Depending on the radiant intensity it could encompass a ship... or a planet.	And that's exactly what he's going to do
No--I'm furious!--Nobody seems to do anything about it--	Why worry? It was insured--how about that swimming lesson I promised you
Three more hours...	Where is he
...And one of those guys was you! The last one, I might add, which-if you're too stupid to comprehend- means that I've been faithful to you since we met! All the other guys I went with before I met you, so, if you want to have a complex about it, go ahead!  But don't look at me like I'm the town whore, because you were plenty busy yourself, before you met me!	Well... why did you have to suck their dicks? Why didn't you just sleep with them, like any decent person?
Do you live in a house back in wherever.	Grand Rapids? Of course
Yes...	... to love your enemy as much as you love yourself
I've always thought that myself.	Oh, yes
Really? My day? Well, I had a sweet little mongrel puppie named Puff when I was a girl. This one reminds me of my dog, all shaggy! So cute!  I loved my doggie very much, monsieur.	Puff it is then. Puff Bronfman. Is that okay
You better get up there, sir. We're having some power fall-off...	On my way...
I hope not.	Phil probably provoked him.  Where's he going
Five years past me clan fought another over some- thing I cannot even re- member.	Your marks would suggest great injury
He must have. He sent for the Santa Rosa police.	What good will they do
Read it out loud.	"""Dear Louis, Tomorrow we go to the south end of the tepui where we'll be in the greatest danger, so I'm sending Carlos back with the crates.  You always believed in me, Louis, even in the darkest days.  So it gives me great pleasure to tell you your faith has been rewarded.  We've made an incredible find.  I enclose a representation of Mbwun.  Note the exaggerated claws, the reptilian attributes, the hints of bipedalia. It's beyond belief, but this statue is accurate.  I know because I've seen the beast."
Yeah, I like it...	I love it
Aft thrusters, Mr. Sulu.	Aft thrusters, sir
Go.	Go
Okay, so you're a victim.	There was a gun.  Who has a safe deposit box with a gun and all this money and all these passports
Hey!	Check this out
Two.	I'm not sure I'd call them murder exactly. More like a couple of bar fights that got out of hand
Goodbye, Dr. Thurman.	Goodbye, Donald
Calling for Emilio's macaw. I thought I heard him.	Do you think he'll come back
I can't remember.	"There was these two old boys hung their peckers off of a bridge to piss, one old boy from California and one old boy from Arkansas. Old boy from California says, ""Boy this water's cold."" Old boy from Arkansas says ""Yeah, and it's deep too.""  Get it? That's a goodun"
Oh, no, no, don't be... tsch... don't be silly. You know,  I'm startin' it-I'm startin' to get some feeling back in my jaw now.	Oh, sex with you is really a kafkaesque experience
I'll come inside with you, if you like, but Mr. Crawford said you'd probably want to be alone.	That's right
Is there an antidote?	Like if you shoot yourself in the foot?  Wouldn't matter.  You'd be dead  before you realized you'd accidentally pulled the trigger
Sure.	...fuck is this? Fuck
Tony. Now that I'm home.	Tony. I'm sorry if things didn't work out so well for you tonight. With Terry
Remember our first date here...? God, I was so nervous.	You were
A m-missionary?	No, like..
He's a great chef.	He's weird. And I expect more from you
No, it's what body builders drink to beef up.	No thanks
Hostile and uncooperative.	Fantastic. You want to tell me what's going on
You're hurting me.	Pain cuts the deepest, isn't that what you said
Wait a minute.	Is anything wrong
Should I?	Wait
Beer?  Well, all right.	Beer or ale, Miss
Why don't you come over for a beer when you get through?	Okay, I will
Yeah. There she is. She's in quite a few from that year. She must have been on her way to work.	It's Ellen. Look at her. Look at my sweet darling
Four in this block, sir.	Cram criminals together and what do you get - concentrated criminality... crime in the midst of punishment
Polly told me to tell you there's a scout troop in Avril Bay doing the mile swim for their Merit Badges. I couldn't call them in, there's no phone out there.	Get out of there – take these back to the office and make up some 'Beach Closed' signs, and let Polly do the printing
No.	Would you like some
Very well. As soon as we gather the appropriate papers...	You don't understand.  If Dylan falls asleep,then..
I don't understand.	I mean, why do you do it?  What purpose does it serve
And what's that?	Normal. Average
You stayed after all.	Wrong. I've driven a hundred and twenty miles, told a hundred and twenty lies, and said a hundred and twenty Hail Mary's since I saw you. Hungry
Getting dressed. I've got to go.	But I don't want you to leave. Please stay. We can go to dinner. I owe you a dinner. And tonight... we can... really make love
With pleasure. Won't you sit down?	Thank you
You know how to work a radio, don't you?	You're going too
You bet I did. I got a squad car on the way to the reservation right now.	Bad idea..
This is pretty good. Considering...	Thanks
"Nobody does organic chemistry for ""fun."" It's unnecessary. Especially for someone like you."	Like me
The man who gives us the airplanes.  The man from America.  The mafia.  Chicago. Boom boom.  Hollywood.  You are going to open for us the gates of Hollywood, George?	It would be my pleasure
Why?	...because if you don't, they die..
It's where I live.	Great
... The point is I know it will work once the, um, numbers and such are in order.	Do you know you were humming
I can't say that I have.	"""Death at the Double X Ranch"" - Ra- a-nch"
A fierce magazine... brutal...  An angry magazine... A war magazine... a mercenary magazine...  fierce...  Mad.	What
Cool, isn't it?  Weight, feel, mal1eability, they're all but identical.  On the periodic chart of elements, they're but one proton apart.  Great minds worked for centuries to turn worthless into priceless.	Alchemy
I'd like to talk to you about Madison.	You know where she is
Agent Duncan, there's an interstate issue up on 54, run out there.	I'm babysitting the DEA guys this afternoon, Casio and I. You said that was top priority
Hi, guys, what you been up to?	Ran into the new college student, Rona
Find me something, I don't care where it is.	Well, I show a 95% probability of sentient life in the Horsehead Nebula..
You're quite a purveyor of filth, little boy!	Indeedy, that was a delicious choice of words
You're going to stay here...?	Yes
Where are your folks?	They left
What do you want?	I want you to get Sartorius to abandon his plan
In competition with five other unwanted pregnancies - the casting of a show determined by an air date - he was the one who arrived on cue.	"Who knew that a show originally meant to last one year - ""Bringing Up Baby"" - would turn into a ""cradle to grave"" concept.  He is in fact the first child in the world to be legally adopted by a corporation"
Abbott?	He closed down Treadstone -- he took care of me after Paris..
I don't have one. I don't believe in them.	How long have you been driving
Okay, I guess.	I'll have some coffee, please
Then don't you realize the Bomb gives us Peace not War?  And, if that's the case, I ask you again: Why do they want disarmament?	Well, sir, like I said, for the same reasons we do.  I mean, all the experts say the most likely way for War to start nowadays is by an accident, or a mistake, or by some mentally unbalanced person -
I have to get these dispatches to Hillsboro.	You're in no condition to ride
Jesus.	Crabtree said it sounded like something James would be messed up in
I saw her get smashed-up on the TV. Knew there was no way he was gonna accept her ...	Where'd you find this one
Congratulations on your...recent award.	Thank you
Let's get a couple drinks, okay?  Hey, take a look behind us. Do you think that car is followin' us?	That black car
No.	You an indian
Why did you tell me you did, then?	This is....illegal....I'll call the police
A strange wang right in my palm.	Ilene, we don't really know that
It's fine.	You haven't looked at the dossier
No!  It will cave in!	It’s the only way out..
I need your help.	Well, hey, you didn't have to come all the way down here.  For you, Chief, I make housecalls..
Is there a green elephant standing beside that bwana?	No, it's just little Bingy Baker
Then you've read it?	Not yet
Status?	The tank will be finished by morning..
That would be impossible.	You're so young, this is not the time to start acquiring bad habits
Isn't there anything I can say That'll change your mind?  You're Gonna stay with your new friends?	'Least they don't scare women
Would you say she was ambitious?	Oh, there's no tellin' what that girl could've accomplished, and she never had it easy. Never really had a childhood... caring for her father, going to school
It's Benjamin.	Yes
Good evening. You see, here we are again.	I take that as a great compliment to Sam.  I suppose he means to you Paris of, well, happier days
She most certainly was not!	Hey man, why don't you fucking listen occasionally?  You might learn something.  Now I got-
I'd just like to pick up a few of my things	"I don't believe you have ""things."
You'd like that wouldn't you? You've hated Betty since you were in Pep Squad together...	No... before that
The following morning. Sunday.	No one met her
I like him a lot.	Well listen to me.  Now, I know you like him, I know he's nothing like those frat kids you can't stand, but honey, after the excitement wears off, then what, huh?  What are you going to talk about?  What do you have in common?  You're going to be part of an international think-tank, and he's going to be kicking punching bags
There are no twos, Max.	Yeah, you're used to the kind with the- with the shopping bags walking through Central Park with the surgical masks on muttering
Maybe I could try --	Be my guest
What about, ah, non-union occupations?	Like what?  Bank teller?  What do they get paid -  ... they pay one hundred thirty- five dollars and thirty-seven cents to start.  I got a wife and kids. I can't live on that -- You want to live on that?  What do you make a week
You just said he could eat anything.	You ever eat fifty eggs
Just want to say good luck.	Break a leg
Western Europe.	I'm sorry, but I already promised Bianca she could have Switzerland. You know how she loves to ski
Then tell him to wax it too.	Enzo, really.  What are you going to get
Otherwise the police will come to see you and your wife and children will be dishonored and destitute. Of course, if my information as to your gains is incorrect, I'll dip my beak just a little.  Just a little, but no less than one hundred dollars, and don't try to deceive me, eh paisan?	My two friends have my share of the money.  I'll have to speak to them after we deliver these to the wholesaler
Already ain't. Married a gal named --	Starla Covington. Don't be ignorant. Everyone knows that. Fucking prom queen
Sure, why not.	It's just an idea.  I want your opinion. I mean, we go halfway on everything, right
Do you mean to say you'd set it off in your own country?	Naturally.  It would kill us just as surely even if we set it off in your country.  But this way we know it's safe, and we don't have the problem of delivering it
Sorry, Comrade Ambassador.	What do you mean there is nothing? That's impossible
How are you, Raymond?	Freezing.  But I'm getting warmer
Shhh. He'll hear you.	Good! It'll save me the trouble of repeating myself. He's not fucking driving you
...I never meet people like you. I'm a garbageman of the human condition. I deal with trash, mostly, people willing to trade any part of themselves for a few more minutes of their rotten lives. But you... you're different.	I am
I am. And that's why you should feel like a pig. You men make me sick. You'll sleep with anything that says yes.	Animal, vegetable, or mineral
What night?	I didn't know if I wanted to handle her -- I already got a snake act.  But my partner goes down there to the Opera House on suck night to book the good ones
I don't know... Jackie?	What
Beth?  Now you've got Beth killing people?	Catherine Tramell.  It's part of her game
We think so.	Nothing like sharing your nuptial bed with two Sherpas and a yak
How long you been lying there playing possum with us, huh? Answer me!	He'll tell them everything to save his ass. That's how they all work it
I am...You must know something about him....	He gambles...He likes a good time...I see him around...
It was Beth's idea.	I wish I had the nerve. And the figure
They were the ones that put us together.	Because they wanted me to invalidate your work, your investigations into the paranormal. But I think this goes deeper than that
Yes?	I wanted you to know -- now -- I'm very proud
Flaemmchen, what are you doing here in the middle of the night.	Looking for my room -- one sixty- six
Robert--	Gimme a week and four guys from litigation and I'll have the Post pleading with us not to sue for libel
Yes.	Can you do anything for him
I love people. All people. Even people that no one else loves, I think they're OK, you know. Like Beggars.	Homeless people
The 2-3.  Homicide.	A hot shot, huh
Gracious... no.	Have any other people ever passed through
No, Bloom, you don't understand. This is fate, this is destiny. There's no avoiding it.	Mr. Bialystock, not more than five minutes ago, against my better judgment, I doctored your books. That, sir, is the ultimate extent of my criminal life
Taste it.	No
Huh?	The World Series.  You called Buford's homer
For evil to bend its knee, admit its guilt, implore His forgiveness, is the hardest thing on earth --	I want to, Bembry, but I can't
No.	Why not
Marty, that would alter history.	So what? We'd be rich
Daddy, I want to discuss the prom with you. It's tomorrow night --	The prom?  Kat has a date
You look great.	It’s good to see you..
What?	From basketball
A father is nothing but sperm, Ted. It takes a real man to be a dad.	It's all so complicated
The sawbones?	Yep
I told you where I was.	All night
What do you want me to do about it?	I want you to take care of Sailor, so he won't ever be able to bother my baby again
So?	So...got the keys to heaven, baby
Not that often.  He was excited to see you.	So he drank himself into a stuper
Frankie... the little guy, he wouldn't be fuckin' the Jew's wife, would he? Because if he is... it's a problem.	What could I say? I knew if I gave the wrong answer, I mean, Nicky, Ginger, Ace, all of 'em could've would up gettin' killed
No, this is the center of the universe.  If I were living in Roman times, I would live in Rome, where else?  Today, America is the Roman Empire and New York is Rome itself. John Lennon.	Jack
Dave, you are as full of shit as a Christmas turkey and you know it. Now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail, go right ahead. But I am telling you, you are full of shit right up to your eyeballs.	I don't want to start no fight with you, Buddy. Why do you say I'm full of shit
I was just wondering since we already have the dress. . .	Look, I came here to get papers to travel to Paris and. . 
Recommendations.	My philosophy Mr. President is shoot first ask questions later. I don't like uninvited guests
Oh no... No you don't.	"""Mocky-Lock is the bogeyman.  Mocky-Lock wants me where I am."
The cloud has fundamentally altered our DNA.	Cool. What'd it do to you guys
Should you be drinking in your condition?	Oh, David, stop being a nanny
Bastia -- and you?	Ajaccio
Why can't we do it through the mail?	We missed the deadline
Record the tones that the coins make. And hang up and get your money back!	And never again have to pay for a service that would be dirt cheap..
I think so. Something besides your husband's death was bothering you. You were upset but not that upset.	Mr. Gittes...  Don't tell me how I feel
Do you know who put it there?	No
Well, uh... so we can got into things, I guess.	That's why you have doors, Mr. President.  Keys, however, are to lock the doors.  And locks, as you know, are to keep people out.  Why? Fear.  You humans are afraid.  So you set up boundaries.  Borders. Your car.  Your home.  Your country.  All the while your true enemy could very well be considered already here among you.  Well I am here to let that enemy go.  Because there's a border you didn't even know existed.  It's the border to the Universe.  And unlike your other borders, you humans didn't set this border up to keep other planets from you.  It was set up by others, to keep you away from them.  Until now.  Because I have been sent here to open the door.  To present you, so to speak, with the key to the universe
What is it?	You clever bastard! I might have guessed. You only moved in today and you're already hot on the bloody trail
And Theo can't pick up his own check because?...	He's sick
Can I go?	You get his statement
What I said before --	Was dead right. You think Dunbar's on the level
He's not here.  Why ask me?	The young woman at the front said you might know where he is
So?	"I roust some muchacho on the street, doesn't have his papers, all he got to say is ""Yo trabajo para Jimmy Herrera."
Someplace where nobody knows him so they can't connect him with us.	Well, Webco has a hundred and twelve subsidiaries and every one of them is tied to our central computer system. How about...hmmmm, someplace small..
Cuz it's dark and quiet and you can see into another world.	The world of the dead
Thanks, but... we've got plans.	Well, here's the number.  If you ever find yourself Sleepless, give us a call.  We also... do babysitting
Hey, watch it!	Sorry there, old Spudhead
...routine calls, they have to click off after a few minutes.	Yeah, and I get a sprained fuckin' elbow
Do it, Norman, it's the only choice we have.  This thing is gonna crush us.	Norman, don't do it
He's a white male... Serial killers tend to hunt within their own ethnic group. And he's not a drifter - he's got his own house, somewhere. Not an apartment.	Why
For the database. It can be accessed by every casino in the country. We have the same system for punters.	I don't gamble
Have you lost all control of this city?	I don't understand it, there were a lot of people there last night, many Americans, I believe we should move carefully
And who is this?	This is Claudia, Anna's friend...  You've never met my husband, have you
So, you two were just, uh, telling old campfire stories, were you?	Do me a favor.  Don't pretend for a second that you and I don't know the truth.  You can convince Time magazine and the Skeptical Inquirer of whatever you want, but I was there
I just, I don't know...	What will Aubrey think
Something happened to Anna in Burkittsville, in the woods, I don't know.	What? That made her lose the baby
Here's my deal -- Don't waste my time. What do you want me for anyway? You don't even know me.	I just have a good feeling about you. Haven't you ever had someone say they had a good feeling about you before
I've got a surprise.  A boat!  We can go to Capri.  It's got a cabin, it's private.	I'd like to spend a night with you in a bed
Dear me, the man is dense. This is a castle, isn't it? There are tapestries?	This is a castle. And we have many tapestries. But if you're a Scottish lord, then I am Mickey Mouse
Oh. Who was that again?	The singer
No really, I can stay a while.	Just go.  It's all right.  Wyatt, Really.  Work well
What are you --	Watch out
Actually, Captain, your precise target area was thirty-five meters that way.	Thanks for pointing that out
Fear and love are the deepest of human emotions.	Well, yeah... OK, but you're not listening to me. There are other things that need to be taken into account here. Like the whole spectrum of human emotion. You're just lumping everything into these two categories... and, like, denying everything else
The honor is ours. May I introduce Mr. Kallenbach. He's an old friend  and his interest is in flowers. I presumed to tell him he could wander your gardens while we talked.	I'll send my gardener. I'm sure you'll have much to discuss
Okay... what about Strickland?	No.  Bad idea
Who's fucking around? I'm not making fun. Let's do it, baby.	The trick is to look like you don't need it, then they give you shit for free
I believe in treating the convicts with respect, if that's what you mean.	Respect? Well, isn't that progressive
That's impossible.	It's a miracle
Satellites?	Yes, they can photograph the epaulets on your shoulder
These four wagons must be his.	And the dogs, too, I'll wager
Michael - I have to go - to New Orleans. I'll - I'll call yati when I -	What about you coming down here...
Daphne...	Yes, Osgood
Congratulations.	What about you
Ever so nice. Aren't you, Jimmy?	That's good. I'm glad. Young love, as they say
I guess he misses a lot of dinners.	But if you wouldn't mind settling for me -
Nowt.	Good lad
What's the idea of locking this?	That's Bensinger. That's his desk
No -- don't cry --	GET OUT
Oh, God... !	Don't just stand there, get help
Are they polar bears, too?	Good God, the way you live here. This place hasn't been dusted since Mother died. Look at that goddamned refrigerator
Sex?	You're getting warmer
He didn't say anything?	"Yeah, he was gonna check out ""things that go bump in the night."
Give me your word of honor that that's all you're going to do.	For what it's worth now, Harold Ryan, the clown, gives his sacred word
What's the best thing I can see tonight?	Me
Eating junk food.  They don't have a lock on anything, Molly. There's not enough information. Or I haven't done enough with it...	Will you be in Atlanta for a while? I'm not buggin' you about coming home, I just wondered
Please!  Face it, Colonel, you don't have us, we have you. Your boys blew this case, we bailed you out. We figure we ought to hang around a day to check the Congressman's kid, and we also figure to play some golf. So if that's okay with you, we got a deal.	And if it isn't, why don't we call Washington on your telephone? You tell your story, we'll tell ours
I ain't ever been there, but it don't seem like such a bad place.	Why do you want me to go back to my parents? They hate me. Why do you think I split? There ain't nothin there
Have you always had it?	I don't know
No.	C'mon, girl, you live next door.  Who's been creeping
You forgot something...	Are we leaving
I'm not.  We...we met at a party.	Sounds about right.  Never understood how a girl that wild got all A's.  Sure didn't get it from me.  They wanted to put her in a special school for the gifted when she was young.  Maddie wouldn't hear about it
All right.  So who stands to gain if Jordan flames out in a big way?	The E-Ringers?  Full integration is gonna cost the services billions at the worst possible time -- when Congress is already swinging the axe
We face each other as God intended. Sportsmanlike. No tricks, no weapons, skill against skill alone.	You mean, you'll put down your rock and I'll put down my sword, and we'll try to kill each other like civilized people
I want to speak to Marc Shermin.	You can speak to me, Mrs. Haydn. I'm in charge of this operation now
Annie -- there's nothing between Mitch and me.	Isn't there?  Maybe there isn't. Maybe there's never anything between Mitch and any girl
No, no I don't. Are you sure?	Of course. In fact, I'm there right now
Ss'kya'ta'.	What's that
Didn't you just see her lookin' at him? She told me no, but I don't believe her.	C'mon, Jake. You know she's crazy about you
You're not like the other boys we've had here. Granted, I can't understand what you're saying either, but your soft palette resonates tremendously well and you never ever constrict your epiglottis.	I am a trained performer
Where are you goin'?  Did you tell him?	Yes
Jesus Christ, look at all the dust on my car...why in the hell don't he take it to a car wash?	Didn't know you darker people went in for foreign jobs
Let 'em try!  I appointed three of those bastards!  I'm not giving 'em my tapes!	Can the president afford to ignore a subpoena
It disturbs me, Mr. Gittes. It makes me think you're taking my daughter for a ride. Financially speaking, of course. How much are you charging her?	My usual fee, plus a bonus if I come up with any results
I have a place for that.	I forgot my chemistry book
Maybe you don't care about that either.  Prettiest suspect I've had in awhile.	Who says she's a suspect
Yeah.  Me, too.	You know, it's probably my fault. I've been a little depressed lately
Did you get up from your seat?	No
Really?! He's a wonderful guy. He makes two million a year, and he worships me.	I worship you
I'm so inclined.	Well, sir, then is it possible you called us all here just to hear what you wanted to hear
There's a chocolate cream filled in there?	Yeah. Ya see, I ordered that special
Well, I've brought you here.  What now?	We have to find he rebels... What we're carrying belongs to them
I'm with Dana Barrett and she's floating three feet off the bed.	Does she want to be
'Cuz you don't spend half your life in lock-down with a horse-bit in your mouth and not believe. And you surely don't start out in a liquor store trash bin with an umbilical cord wrapped around your neck and not believe. Oh, absolutely I believe in God. And I absolutely hate the fucker.	He will be with us. Nonetheless
... One thousand twelve... one thousand thirteen... one thousand fourteen... What's the World's Record for this?	According to the Guinness Book, you passed the World's Record several whacks ago
This is the edge, boy.  This is the end.	Yeah
Please understand me. When I say she didn't tell me anything about it, I mean not until a little while ago. She thinks you're entitled to anything you can get.	Oh, she does, huh? Isn't that sweet of her! You don't , I suppose
There's a possibility I won't be around for the end of this trial.	I've considered that
Yes I do. My family owns it. It's ours. You don't belong here.	No, you don't belong here. We were here before you
Yeah, right. She wishes. Look at that big ass.	You know what they say about a big ass... big shit
"""... encased in the armor of a demigod, Narcissus The Good continues his impossible climb in the arena where he was unjustly cast..."""	Yes?  Go on
I don't know, Cole.	Why don't you think about it for a while
What are you doing down there?	My glasses fell apart.  I lost the..
You mean when I'm not running the country?	Yes
That was in style a couple years back, man.	Right. if you ever switch from armed robbery to pimping, then you're all set
Hey! On behalf of Burnfield, I present to you the keys to the city.	So, how was the ride, kids
What's the point!  You have me, finish it!	I have waited forever for this. You will not cheapen it, little boy
You know, that big-shot down in Cuba with the crazy beard.	What about him
He told me my share was twenty-five.	Mmm
Who?	Paramount studios
Don't tell me you're still thinking of buying Casa de Psycho...	Hey, smart-ass, I'm up here right now in a... luxury alpine retreat, with a two million dollar view of the lake
I've been listening to the transmission. And I think Houston made a mistake in the translation.	Go on
I really want to talk to you. I've been thinking about what you said about moving in here...	I can treat him any way I want to - I'm an adult! Leave me alone
You think this is a good idea? We never did this kinda shit before.	What's he going to do? File a missing drugs report? If it works out, this guy might be good for a few more turns
Wait! He works for YOU?	Now. But first, he worked for you
Well, maybe that's because they know I'm going to follow them.  Behind the bus.	They can look forward to that
That's my point.	<u>What's</u> your point
Hey, I'm missing the party!	No! It can't be
SOMEBODY'S KILLED THE --	WHAT?
Yeah? What happened?	Psychiatrist said I was the healthiest person he'd ever met, so Marty fired him
What's your relationship?	She one of the women I got set up. I got Melanie in Hermosa Beach. I rent Simone a small house in Compton, and about four blocks away I got me this nineteen-year-old country girl named Sheronda. I found her waitin' for a bus two days outta Alabama, barefoot, country as a chicken coop. Took her to my house in Compton, told her it was Hollywood
Hey.	Nicky? Oh my God. Stay right there
So...then the fusion containment shuts down.	So?  So
Um --	Never mind. Sorry, that was stupid. I'm embarrassed. Good night, Joel
Henri... I need one more favor from you.  I know I am imposing...	My friend, I am not sure about what is going on -- but for me, I am finished
No one met her?	No
What'you want, kid?	Jim looking for somebody
Well, um... funny thing, your penguins... they're not responding to the launch command.  Fact they're kind of turned around now... Like someone jammed our signal...	But who could've ... no, don't say it
I don't hate you, Jimmy.  But I have a couple questions that I wanna ask....	I'll answer anything
You mean Tattaglia.	Barzini
We're not called Barrytown anymore, by the by.  They got sick of the Barry/Barrytown thing.  We're called SDM.  Sonic Death Monkey.	Sonic Death Monkey
What's your subject?	I WAS A SORORITY SLUT
Tell me about the girl.	What girl
Where is my family?	Cooperate and they will be returned to your estate.  I could have executed you
I missed...	... Me, too
Ray -- Something's here.	Where are you, Pete
What are you doing here?	I thought you said there'd only be a dozen eggs
Oh you poor dear. You've been through so much...	I bet him he couldn't set himself on fire and now he's all pissed off!!  AGH! I can't say pissed off?!  AGH!
What is it, Spats?  What do you want here?	Just dropped in to pay my respects
Look, after Jordy briefs me, you can do the press conference.  How about that? The case is all yours.	Oh yeah...?  Alright
Well, the best, the money-is-no-object best, for a criminal case, any lawyer would tell you Freddy Riedenschneider. Out of Sacramento. 'Course, I don't know how you're fixed for money.	Uh-huh. He's the, uh..
You are funny. You speak of life as if it were a train you wanted to catch.	Yes -- and for me, it's going to leave at any minute. Let's drink
Yeah?	I thought as a child. But when I became a man I put away childish things..
But you already know what I'm going to tell you.	I'm not the One
Immortality.	Spirits have a way of bringing that out
I didn't know you were a stick man, Rambo.	I was crossed-trained in gunships
Oh yeah. Charlie. How am I going to handle him?	What's the matter? Did you two have a fight?
Something about vengance being best served cold.	Really.  Are you getting paid, Mr. Jung
What don't you understand, pal?	Where will my bed be, where will I sleep
Who are they, sir?	They're very, very important people and they're interested in you. Bell rings. Julian rises
I just paid out twenty. I'd like to get it back.	Make it ten. I am only a poor corrupt official
Not sure. How was yours?	I haven't decided yet.  Rene, you wanna come over to the studio tomorrow. I wanna make a painting of you
Funny job.	Will I see you again
Patrizia, don't start in again... I would rather be called depraved. Unless you happen to love children.	You know, I don't love anybody
Where is Sidney's father?	Home--where he lives
Ricky Hendricks has to cancel today. He didn't say what he was canceling or why.	I occasionally box with Ricky at the Harvard Club. Anyone else
I didn't <U>want</U> to tell you...but maybe it's your right to know.	Now mount up, son..
If they thought it was lost at sea, they probably just wrote it off.	Not for fifty million. An ocean liner maybe. But fifty million in gold, they come looking for
Well, I've read you colleagues. Your book was good, Sean.  All those guys were in your platoon?	Yeah
Too hard?! I don't have enough indignities in my life-people start throwing cigarettes at me!	At least they weren't lit
Gee, I wonder why not.	I'm freezing my ass off
When's your deadline?	Monday
Why wasn't I involved from the beginning?  You and I started fight club together.	Fight club was the beginning.  Now it's out of the basements and there's a name for it -- Project Mayhem
Don't make me sick. I'd sooner drown myself in Puget Sound.	That's a thought, Lil. That sure is a thought
'Is it really me?'	'Yes. You're-you're b-b- beautiful.
You could knock on the door, you know, and I'd open it.	Move it
No.	Everybody that I care about dies
Guilty thoughts. See what happens when you cheat on me, even in your mind?	She was good in bed, though
There, Joey -- ain't that better than being a lawyer?	Animal! Got a little something for you
"Only African he ever ""relocated"" was a $2,000-an-hour Nigerian model for Gucci, and he got wounded when she took an NBA draft choice to the Super Bowl instead of him..."	He did volunteer one time..
It's a long road that has no turning.	That's for sure, Frank
But was it a bad decision?  At the time, I thought her money would save the movie.	Eddie, you screwed up
We are clear and free to navigate.	Best speed to Vulcan. Mr. Chekov, take the prisoners below
Did you get this from your lover?	They don't call them lovers in high school, Leland
Ya still owe me fifty bucks for the train ticket.	And a lot more. Can we talk
You said Trask was arranging laboratory work. Police laboratory. Anything from that?	Yeah. It wasn't Tom
It is a fucking emergency.	I understand.  That's why I picked up the phone
That's right. Three percent.	But a week. That's a hundred and fifty percent a year
0h, God . . . I'm so sorry!	It doesn't matter
Nevertheless, Mrs Lampert -- you've got it.	You mean it's just lying around someplace -- all that cash
This time I imagine you would, yes.  Hmm...  With all this in mind, Mr. Kross, I can't logically make a formal bid on your company, can I?	You'd be initiating a financial battle you'd ultimately lose, Mr. Harris
Yes!	Well, don't do that again
What do I do, Evy!? What do I do!?	Read the inscription on the cover
We deny nothing! We have the right to preserve our race!	Do you have the right to murder
He can't hear you!	I know, goddammit! You don't have ta tell me that
Sent it where?	A post office box
Whoa!	I told you to lock the door
No Father. It's nothing like that, Father. It's about this new thing they're all talking about. About this new treatment that you out of prison in no time at all and makes sure you never get back in again.	Where did you hear about this? Whose been talking about these things
The job's gonna cost you a hundred bucks.	A hundred bucks?  That's ridiculous
You stopped?  Why?	Because I don't want cancer
I didn't know what was going to happen.  I was just so worried something was going to happen to you.	What could happen?  I'm the plastic man, remember
I'm not pregnant. I got my period this morning. There's no baby, Sid.	Well, I'll be goddamned
I love you, Lotte.	Maxine..
One too many safes dropped on his head?	Nah, that goes with the territory. He's a stunt bunny
Could I have a cigarette?	Are you crazy
He's not getting a phone, he doesn't like talking on the phone.	Oh, please. Okay, so give me the Zen master's address, I'll think of a reason to stop by
Get in	EXT. DARLENE'S STORE - NIGHT
In the movement -- the racialist movement -- we believe there's a hierarchy of the races. Not just in IQ, but in the civilization, the art, the forms of government, the civilizations that each race produces... Why are you writing this down if you're recording it?	It helps me concentrate.... So does that mean you're a white supremacist
Yes it is...we did this.  We changed everything.  I've been having bad dreams, Johnny. Dreams where I die...in the fire.  I was supposed to die in that warehouse.	No
CONTINUED	She's wonderful
It wasn't like the prison we saw - all these women had to shave their heads because they got lice from the filthy lives they'd lived!  Oh G-d, I'm gonna be someone's bald bitch!	Ooops, hold on a sec
Secondary fluidic shunt for the sewage system.  I found the grating ripped right off.  The little fucker was strong.	Where does that lead to
Just an hour?  You should tell this stud to take more time.	Will you shutup.  I should never have told you about him
C'mon ladies, let's roll some hose...	-- Never mind
Tell you what.  I'm gonna go get Rex for you right now.  You know home isn't far from here, right?	Right 'cross the freeway
And that's how you use the LAPD choke hold.  Now start practicing and don't make me come back here!	Carter...you ready to have some fun!
They're ready and waiting.  You'll soon be with old friends.	I'm with an old friend now, Dmitri
I don't know what you're raving about, young man. And, furthermore, I'm not interested.	Well—of all the—well—  Maybe you'll be interested to know your bag's gone
No.	You know what Sal's got now?... Sal's got... one arm, Nick, and... that's it
Three-o-three...	The men and women of Detachment Three-O-Three, with their..
Stand there with your camera. I'll stop here so you get Grauman's Chinese in the backgrouns.	I like it!  I like it
Can we make breakaway speed!?	Hardly, Admiral, I cannot even guarantee we will escape the Sun's gravity! I will attempt to compensate by altering our trajectory
Lady, you don't have to keep up a running commentary.	I'm afraid if I stop talking I'll lose you.  Just name any reasonable amount and it's yours
Yes, Clarence. A man down on earth needs our help.	Splendid! Is he sick
How are the hometown folks treating you, back in Xenia?	Well, Jay. They've been exceptionally supportive
I don't understand it. Even in the wild days she was never as late as this.	I'm afraid it's my fault. I made her feel guilty this morning --  Brother, what are you doing up
Treadstone?	...which one are you?..
Come on, come on! It's double or nothing.. We're talking twelve bucks American, here.	I've had enough...for now
Mary. What are you doing here?	She came to help, Howard
No!	What could I do?  He's a man who followed his pecker to greener pastures. I'm a middle- aged high-school dropout with stretch marks and a fat ass. Happens every day. At least to women like me
See them two big trees across there?	Yes
A policeman delivered the baby in a taxicab.	Tough luck.  You'll have to split the fee
You did create me.	No.  I... just helped bring someone else's dream to life
This I gotta see.	Ouch
Anastasia! It was just a bat! It's gone, dear...	No, it wasn't a bat! I saw this horrible man - I remember him, I think..
Paris.  I live in Paris...	...headaches...you have that...I get such bad headaches..
God. you scared me.	Is something wrong? What's happened to your face
That stalker Ted got to you, right? You're working for him, aren't you, you little shit?	Who
Nothing.	You're kidding with that answer, right
Twelve years.  But I'm working on other stuff...	Like what
See anything?	How about these
Up here, Al.	Just checking, young sir
Dorothy!... Dorothy!	Dorothy Vallens
What do you think of the strike, Ali?	I think it'll be a success ..
I just dislocated my finger.	Ohh
Wussup?	Wussup, Victor
By whose authority?	My own
I want the money back I've thrown into this rubbish heap.	You are asking to burn these people ... you are asking? ..
No.	Why
You're not listening to me.	Diane!  Alright, let's stop this right now.  Let's not put our energy into something ridiculous.  This isn't even smart thinking
Leave that alone!	Wolfi
The Fidelity nonsense...	All I've got is my integrity.  That's all I have.  Now I don't know why you turned your attack dogs on me
How's Uncle Sibeal?	Well, you know how it is with him. Always complainin' he's never turnin' a profit on St. Patty's. Whole damn family goes down there with no money, cause we know he can't bear ta charge us
I mean really, deeply angry...	I don't think I could be
What?	That some of the folks around here are more programmed then me
You're lucky you didn't break down in the desert.  Day like today, you'd be dead in no time. When you leaving?	Not until my car's fixed.  I don't know how long that's going to take
Atmospheric turbulence.  Dust storm.	Turn on navigation lights
Chrissake: why <u>any</u> of this?	I think it's time to get out of here
You mean they weren't up here?	No!  They're still on their way
You have the money?	Tomorrow
To think -- all that time it was your cup that was poisoned.	They were both poisoned. I spent the last few years building up an immunity to iocane powder
No.  No.	You're my Olympic event
Now that's pretty important, Dean. You also told the FBI when you met him, he was six foot two.  Then you tell the Commission he was five foot eight.  How the hell did the man shrink like that, Dean?	They put the heat on, my man, just like you're doing.  I gave'em anything that popped into my cabeza.  Truth is, I never met the dude
---fifteen or more phone calls from the burglars in Miami to Gordon Liddy at CREEP--	Why didn't we get that
Remember 1959, the Jersey shore?	And how.  I thought you wouldn't respect me
Nothing for Kuzawa?	Shapiro. Shapiro
He kills w-	No! That's incidental
Mary Rooney, the obstetrical nurse...	What did these people do when her heart stopped
We spent a lot of time in Nicaragua... places like that.  For a while she was with this crazy ex-Green Beret guy, running guns.  Then there were some other guys.  She'd shack up with anybody she could learn from.  So then she could teach me how to be this great military leader.  Then she gets busted and it's like... sorry kid, your mom's a psycho.  Didn't you know?  It's like... everything I'd been brought up to believe was just made-up fantasy, right? I hated her for that.  But everything she said was true.  We gotta get her out of there.	Negative.  The T-1000's highest probability for success now would be to copy Sarah Connor and wait for you to make contact with her
Okay, this guy is trying to scare us. He's messed with our property, he's coming around the house. It's time for an ass whoopin'!	This is not an intelligent way to approach this
Quite simple. Yes. Good.	I shall send a letter to America, to the President, informing him of our problem
My point exactly.	I'm serious here
After he gets a blow job, he likes to have the cum spit back into his mouth while kissing. It's called snowballing.	He requested this
Go ahead, Jill, you can say it.	Now I'm embarrassed to tell you
A true friend would do it.	Not necessarily.  A <u>wife</u> would
It's better than real. It's synthetic flesh. Synthetic blood. Synthetic organs...  It's a physiological machine.	This is supposed to be years away
Look, I admit it was brief, but it was definitely love. Crushes don't last twelve years.	Whatever happened to Mary
Where?	Government. Recently retired
A jail?  Prison?	Underground
And where are you now?	In his apartment
We think they were looking for something- they practically tore the place apart.	Hmm,  Inform Starfleet Command. This could indicate a new Romulan threat in this sector
We all come into this world with our little egos equipped with individual horns. If we don't blow them - who will?	Even so. One isolated pretty good performance by an understudy. It'll be forgotten tomorrow
Go get a bag, man.	And here. Here
The Lord be with you.	And also with you
I've thought about you every second since I left.  I can still taste you on my lips.	Stop it
Six months.  Ecological study for Northland Oil.	Ecology.  Folks use that term for everything but what it means: who's eating who
Where are you going?	Well, if you won't let me smoke grass, then at least I'll go get myself some cigarettes
I had him!	It's only gonna make you crazy
Brave, Sir Rob ...	Shut up
... I was dreaming ...	Something good
Did it leave?	Actually, I don't know..
And a car.	Mmmmm..
Uh-oh...	It's nothing too hard or anything.  I'm just going to... LOOK for someone, and... I want you to be sort of a... guard. Okay
What?	We've done this before, so many times.  The last time was so long ago, but it feels like yesterday
Ray did ... and then they closed the set.... everybody's gone. You'd better get down here Adam!	No
The turbine blew.	Lemme see, was that before or after the oil fire
How'd you know I wouldn't be in the same room with her?	You told me.  When you called you said she was in the other room.  Drop the knife
Exactly.	If the Preysing people get the Manchester contract, we shall certainly merge with the Preysing company -- but if they haven't they're ruined -- Preysing will have to declare himself
Game's over. Last chance to get out of this without a prison sentence.  You're not good enough to beat me, you little shit.	Yeah, maybe I'm not. But we are, you asshole
We have a couple. One's hers, one's mine. Everybody uses a different name.  Modern marriage.  How's Liane?	She's okay
That's it? -- Completely?	That's it
...You pick the option with the applicable rate.	I'm just one person. Don't matter the size of the bed
Why is it important to you? If I inherited all that money, the only thing important to me would be workin' on my swing.	Clearly
Is that a fact?	Sure as gravity. I've had a feeling about you from the start, Cage. It's nausea
I know.  You're right.	People have problems, insecurities, flaws-- and you have to learn to compromise, to overlook, to forgive.  It's not settling, Faith, it's life.  Real life
He was a little older. Looked like the Marlboro man.	Yah
I'm a lawyer.	My ex-husband was a lawyer
Your king?  Ah yes, of course... What's he going to pay me with? Cows?  Chickens?  I prefer gold, and the English have plenty.  I wonder how much they'll pay... to have the Witch of Orleans in their clutches? Those English are so arrogant, they can't accept the idea of being defeated by a peasant girl... it has to have been the devil's work.	God defeated the English, not me
You feel alright today, Daddy?	Great, son -- not like wakin' up in jail. For a minute or two, didn't quite know where I was, but when I saw your face lookin down on me, made me know right away the day was gonna be a good one, and it all belonged to me
What the hell is wrong with you?!	What? I'm just kidding around with the customers... It's my shtick
You didn't want my opinion in the first place, so why even ask?	I asked but why does it always have to be so damn prissy
You calling me a liar?	No; he was probably just resting his eyes
You've had a lot of bad luck these days. And yet -- it's all so unnecessary. When I think of your opportunities --	Opportunities
Where's Spa.	Jimmy knows. 13th Street. We'll meet you there
She says it's her piano, and she won't have him touch it. He's an oaf, he can't read, he's ignorant.	He wants to improve himself... and you will be able to play on it ...  Teach him to look after it
For chrissake, <u>please</u>!  Help me celebrate!  I figured it out!	Celebrate what?  Going to prison
My first sexual experience or the first time I had intercourse?	Your first sexual experience
Of course --	And do Princesses do improper things
If you're going to insult me --	What else could I be? What else could I be? We're not living in the real world here. You're living out some fantasy land from the past, or some advice or something from those psychoanalysts... there are some hard facts here
How quickly can you move your artillery forward?	Well, my horses are feeding, as you may observe, Mr Coghill. It'll take a little while
You're insane.	Do you still want to go to that thing tonight
Died instantly?	Not quite. She was trapped in the wreck for about six hours before she passed on
Oh, Jean's okay. But there's three people up in Brainerd who aren't so okay, I'll tell ya that.	What the heck're you talkin' about? Let's just finish up this deal here 
Pre-Castro.	"Fine. They were created during a dictatorship.  What if something happened to you? What would I tell little Gus when he asked ""what was my daddy like?"
Take your car.	'Take your car?
They tried to electrocute me, Frank.	It was an accident
Well, then, I--I *thank* you, Miss Saunders! Nothing better could have happened--. Yes *sir*, Miss Saunders, we're going right ahead with it!	We're going right ahead with--*what*
Two-hundred dollars.	Two-hundred dollars . . . that's how I put a price on murder
Why is it -- breaking up?	I was getting to that... The moon has reached the gravitational Roche Limit, 7,300 miles above the surface of the Earth.  This has created pressure on the lunar stratum beyond gravitational tolerances.  It might be helpful to know that the nearest public evacuation shelters can be found at Grand Central Station, Madison Square Garden -
Dr. Maxwell -- it's nice to see you.	Dr. Maxwell has very unpleasant news for us
Good reflexes.	Good day, Miss Cartwright
Twelve are dead.	How dead
Dickhead?	A walking penis capable of intelligent speech.  A dickhead
I need some money right now.	Can't you wait till I'm dummy
I went to a Turkish bath, who cares? The show was a flop.  What difference does it make?	It makes a great deal of difference. That's fraud.  If they found out, you could go to prison
Er. well, nowhere special.	I don't believe you, Mikey.  And you know why I don't believe you? Cause last time you said that you and your pals left eight dozen empty beer cans on the other side of the moon
Mmnph.	Hurry..
I am.	Talk to us about it..
Yes, sir.	But from now on, any leads on this case go to Pluchinsky. He's primary investigator and you are unofficially assigned to the Bomb Squad... you and your new friends are not to be playing detective any more. Got it
Oh, things aren't so bad. Gee, I hope you're not goin' to get in any trouble.	It was just a thing. The story made you laugh
Would you like to <u>see</u> it?  I've got the key back at my store...	I'd love to
Yes, certainly.	Do you have any lovebirds
I gotta tell ya...	...I-I... made some mistakes and I spent some money
When, may I ask?	In three months! Papa
Chingachgook. He warned me about people like you.	He did
Jean? Sorbet?	Thanks, Patrick. I'd love some
I can handle it.	Mm.  It doesn't take a genius
Why are you feeding him? Why don't you just kill him?	In due time
Your wounded should try walkin' back to Albany.  They'll never make a passage north.	We were headed..
What do you think of that, Jabez?	Looks right elegant, Mary
Look at the structure of the roof cap.  It looks exactly like the kind of telemetry tracker NASA uses to identify dead pulsars in other galaxies.	And look at this, Peter  Cold-riveted girders with selenium cores
"Listen to me:  Elanora <u>Duse</u> was playing Hamlet in London in 1905, and Royalty could not get a ticket.  She said, ""I'm not doing the seven shows a week I signed for.""  She said, ""I cannot bare my soul seven times a week.  I am an artist. I'll do four shows a week.""  The greatest actress of her time.  You know what her Producer said?"	What
And how could you fucking leave Horrace hanging?	I got news for you, Horrace got his ass out of there before you did
We can't really leave that poor man here alone.	-- he'll never know the difference
At this pace, it could be an evening wedding.	Hold it!  Hold it!  I think we're taking this too fast
Lingerie.	Yeah?  So
Pay me, and I shut up.	I haven't got it
Won’t do what, Mister Worf?	Captain. I think it is inappropriate for a Starfleet officer to appear...  Naked
What...?  0h, yes.	Not me. Ain't never loved anybody. Ain't never been married. Won't either
We seek the Fortress of Krull.	Such a vision will be opposed. Who seeks it
-- no.	Good for you
Why waste time -- it's getting late.	You see -- what we are interested in -
Well, what have we here? It appears be a tape.	That's not your tape
It's -- beautiful. May I inquire as to the occasion?	Is an occasion necessary for a father to dote upon his daughter with gifts
Nothing. I'm telling you I just want to make you happy. That's all. Just trust me.	I don't want you to hurt me
Poison emergency.	Hi.  I've got sort of a hypothetical question.  Do you suppose the bite of a radioactive spider would transmit that spider's proportional strength and agility
Do you want me to see what's on them?	No point, it'll be in Czech and God knows what format. But if I'm right, they could be my ticket out of here
That's real good. You ort not to if ye ain't married to somebody. Bible tells you that much. Hit tells some things that don't seem right too, I reckon. I guess a feller ort to foller it close as he can, though.  You don't touch yourself, do you?	What do you mean
Your beneficence.	I'm serious.    Whatever it was - it's still there inside me, isn't it - change and all...
I come to Grandma's funeral.  Here's your admission card.	Thanks, Charlie
I started to say we're drifting apart.  A year ago, in your wildest dreams, would you have walked by that door without taking up this situation with me?  Today I had to call you in!	I'm taking up the situation with you now..
Lisa.	You know my name
It's not your decision and he's not your brother, Dignan.	That's right. I only have one vote. We'll go talk with Anthony and figure it out
What works?	Phone security systems, everything works.  You ask for it, we got it
Marty, I don't know how to tell you how much I appreciate what you and your mother are doing, because the kinda thing was happening in our house was Virginia was in the kitchen making some milk for the baby. So my mother comes in...	Tommy, I promised the babysitter six o'clock
Goodbye, Charlotte.	Goodbye
Do you remember the legend of the young man?	"""A faithful heart makes wishes come true."
We have to get out of here.	It's alright
I'll pay you back.	How
I don't know.  Let's see.  We've had chocolate, vanilla, banana - let's go green.	Two pistachios, my good man
Tough break.	Yes, I'm all tears, now let's see who's inside, shall we
What?	He hates me
A piece of advice, Mr. Bond: Don't screw with a man who buys ink by the ton.  It's deadlier than uranium.	We'll see about that
Shoulda' felt up Tammy in the pool, that time...	Whatta' you whinin' about? He said I'm next
Chances are, they're gonna get into some shit too, hafta put people down.	That's not a problem. Are we goin' outta pocket ourselves
So she's got a few sniffles.	Doctor's orders
I'm sorry, look, forget it.  I shouldn't have called...	I told Bianchinni I would take a look.  Is it that sink
Hey. Hey, those are my sunglasses you're wearing.	Grandpa traded with me.  Goodbye
What... the hell is that?	This is a cobra, Mr. Grange.  Yes, it is real
She said she'd see me later. That's kinda good, right?	I reckon
Hell, that wasn't half bad.. Get going...I'll keep it busy....	It'll come for the plane.  It's attracted to metal.  The electro- magnetic impulse...
They want to settle.  It means a lot of money.	Does that mean I'm back for awhile
Naw. Naw, I don't ever go into town for that.  A man like me... A man like me can't get no woman but one he's gonna pay for... an' that ain't right... buyin' flesh.  Claudia, God rest her soul, she wouldn't have wanted me doin' nothin' like that, me bein' a father, an' all.	Whaddaya do, just use your hand
Naw.  She won't call me.	Just as well, Lenny.  You gotta get past it.  I mean sure, Faith was by far the most outstanding woman a guy like you could ever hope to get, I mean it's completely and deeply humiliating that she's gone, but it's over, campadre
That'll keep you busy.	It's your nose, y'see. Fans are funny that way. Take a dislike to things. They'll pick on a nose..
"""We just got up and left. Bum musta rolled them before the police got there."""	Okay. We're ready
You know what would taste good? Chicken. I haven't had chicken in a while. Chicken would really hit the spot about now. Chicken and beer, definitly, absolutely, without a doubt.  Where's a good chicken place around here?	I really don't know
There's only one thing that will stop the Martians!  We've held back pre- viously because of the danger of radiation to civilians.  Now there's no choice.  The United Nations has voted authority to the United States.  The White House will confirm an order to use the Atom bomb.	Then our first target will be the initial landing place outside Los Angeles
'Cause it's fun. It don't matter if you ain't no good. It takes your mind off of everything else while you're doin' it. When you run real fast tryin' to make a touchdown you don't think about anything else. I ain't no good, but my daddy always said he was proud of me when I threw a ball or ran with it. Did you have any brothers and sisters growin' up to play with?	I had one there for little bit. Hit didn't get old enough to play with
I'll love you, too, Charlie. I'll love you for twenty years.	Come back to me
I don't think so.	When I was here before I noticed a photograph of a woman on the desk in a wide silver frame. I thought what a waste of silver. That's all that interested me then. Now I would like to know... what happened to the woman
Yeah that's it.	Why don't you just stick your finger in and stir it up
There's a guy in here who's giving away a piano. Free for the hauling! We should put it in Bleeker's yard.	You're not listening to me
Sorry, honey!  I just got to fooling with this darn rheostat.	Well, put it down and come in
Crane? We have to tell you, as soon as you're conscious--is he conscious?	His eyes are open
What... what are you saying?	It's okay.  We okay... a little codependent, sure, but..
Enh.	Don't be a rat, Harry
We can't play today?	Thursday.  Thursday.  We'll play Thursday.  We'll play the Contessa and the chauffeur
Because most of us here are Mexican- Americans! Because we want equality with Anglo miners -- the same pay, the same conditions.	"Exactly. And equality's the one thing the bosses can't afford. The biggest club they have over the Anglo locals is, ""Well -- at least you get more than the Mexicans."
You're spookin' me out, Uncle Lex.	There
...comes up that road.	INT. DARLENE'S STORE - NIGHT
Ellen, move aside...	Oh God, Tommi..
He's going back.	Not necessarily.  He could go off road at any number of places.  He might not even be in the country anymore
...ready before the morning crowd blows in.	...ready before the morning crowd blows in.  I got it..
Go inside at once.	Is that the Queen's request
Hrummm... and where are you off to, now?	The Enterprise. I must check in before your inspection. And you
Can I see you tomorrow?	Tomorrow night? Well -
You do this -- for friendship?	I do this because I was there
Let me tell you something about love.  There are no prince charmings, there are no glass slippers.  Love is hard work.	I know.  You're right
Mr. Nygma, you'll forgive me for being rude. But what exactly is on your mind?	Precisely. What's on all our minds? Brainwaves. The future of Wayne Enterprises is Brainwaves
I've been wondering something.	Again
Not good.	Is there anything I can do; anything I can send
It's the Jedi's time to eat, too.	Will it take long to get there? How far away is he
Yes.  How do you know?	My roommate's very social -- somebody from Justice was over and...I always hear things before they happen.  Hey, and from now on, so do you
Money?	Severance pay.  And I'm going to cash in my life insurance policy
Uh-huh.	Hell, I, I'm not proud of it. But, uh, that's not the worst of it. I got a note. A blackmail note. You know, come across or everybody knows
He's gone to stayin' over with that Wheatley boy and his mama in their garage. I think that little boy adopted him damn near like a mascot. But he's got a key here to come and go as he pleases. Everything's worked out good.	Can I see him
Blow me.	Another month in this desert and I might just
I know.  Jean-Pierre did.	You were behind the door
Really? Perhaps your dear wife might care to profit from my instruction?	What is this, Mozart? What's the matter with you
A bird! A bird in a gilded cage! Get that thing out of here!	Yes sir
The precogs are pattern recognition filters, nothing more.	"But you call this room the ""temple"""
I told you, he will.	You can't know for sure, how can you?  I mean, you're not him
-- Stephen, wait a minute. I gotta talk to you. It's Adcox, he's --	-- What are you doing here
You're a better man than I am, Charlie Brown.	No, I just promised myself I'd give it a try. I gotta get out there sooner or later
Pooh -- what a smell of sulphur!  I'm afraid you've made rather a bad enemy of the Wicked Witch of the West.  The sooner you get out of Oz altogether, the safer you'll sleep, my dear.	Oh, I'd give anything to get out of Oz altogether -- but which is the way back to Kansas?  I can't go the way I came
Thousands.	Why
Meaning you can't even beam us back?	Not at present
What?	Starting up
It's a fait accompli?	Done
Yeah, ya should've come along with us, Miss Ratched, an' gotten a little sun on your cheeks and maybe caught a fish or two.	Mr. McMurphy, you had no right to take these men out with you
Bunker...	Where
I... I don't know... it'll sound like we... betrayed her...?	Noooo
No, not yet.	You're all bloody useless
I used to come to this tree when I was a kid and imagine what my life would be like when I got older.	You didn't want to farm
Check this out.  Y'know Sal's.	Yeah, I know dat motherfucker
I don't get you.  You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.	You're welcome
Very well... umm... I never expected to have to ask you this again... but how did our evening go? I remember getting to the casino... I remember kissing you... that was really nice but everything after that is a blank.	Well -- I was prepared for worse, but it wasn't so bad. We were sitting at the bar, talking about blackjack. You seemed just fine, a little drunker than usual, but nothing really strange, but then your head started to droop and I put my arm on your shoulder and then, wham, you swung you arm at me, and fell backwards off your stool into a cocktail waitress. You smashed everything on her tray, it was a real mess. You kept yelling and yelling
And you got some Italians -- ?	Six or seven..
There was so much going on.	She married an accountant named Stanley Kestenbaum
Good.  He never doubted you.	The Don himself is coming to me tonight
Well, you're a brave young lady. You're made of stronger stuff than I thought. You're a little Viking!	Cool it
I honestly wish I could...	I'll call George's parents. Tell them I need a best man who actually looks after me
I can't help what I think.	This is me
I was so scared we was goin' away without you--and we'd never see each other again.	I'd a found you, Ma
He saw her at the Northern Care...	...and I have inquiries out to doctors, experts in the field... there is, of course, a problem getting a doctor to testify that another doctor's negligent..
What does he mean, too correct?	I don't know
Have you known this all along?	Well you can understand why we didn't say anything.  If word got out that we had a track on the money it would only work against us
What's taking you so long about it?	It -- she -
It's hard to tell.  I'm gonna have to be close.	I'll get you close
She's in the desert. She's out in the desert.	You left a dead prostitute out in the desert? Alone
Bonanza Jellybean?	What? Oh yes. Tee-hee. Jellybean
Look, as I have said and will continue to say, the instability of the assembler waste remains my priority --	While you remain on the staff at Argon Laboratories, your priorities will always be the same as Dr. Argon's priorities.  I imagine that is a simple enough equation for a bright girl like you to figure out
She watches... she listens.	Agnes, I don't believe that. Tell me. I'll protect you from her
How about Madison? Have we had even a hint of his whereabouts?	Nothing, Marsh. Vanished. There's an APB out on him. His photo's been faxed nationwide
What about Cooper--where is he?	He's in there..
Save your strength.	My life is departing.  I've only one breath left
Unnt-meah!	We ain't goin'! We ain't goin' without you, Debbie...Ethan, get the horses...I'll try to keep her talkin'..
I thought he'd stopped doing horror.	Believe it or not, he told me I hadn't heard from him in ten years because he hasn't had any good nightmare.  They're his inspiration.  But now he's got a new script in the works
What do you want?	Any more MiGs
I will I promise.	Okay, get in to bed
Yeah, but it's still kind of eerie, isn't it?	No
How long were you...?	Twenty years.  Too long.  We were like a play whose run outlasted the cast's ability to keep it fresh. So I finally decided to close down the show
You'll check the condensing unit first... and you're not going to bed until those 'droids' are completely cleaned up...	But you promised!  I've saved enough money and now you have the extra help ... you promised
Listen, if you get too anxious, call me at the hospital, okay?	Okay
Very talented.	I know.  But then I reconsidered.  'Cause I figured out what I really wanna do with my life, what I want to do for a living is I wanna be with your daughter.  I'm good at it
I do seem to be... Maybe because I'm just a little bit terrified about tomorrow.	Maybe that's okay
General Grey, co-ordinate with Atlantic Command. Tell them they have twenty five minutes to get as many people out of the cities as they can.	But Mr. President..
My husband took the kids to the Illinos State Fair. My daughter's entering a prize steer.	Oh. How old
You're hesitating. I think that means you have.	Shut up!!
What make ye of that, Jack?	It bodes evil
Ah ha ... there you are, Sam.	What? How do you know my name
Is this Nigel's doing?	It's a warning, that's for sure
It's on.	Which one
I really should change.	No, I think you should stay the same wonderful person you are today
Why? Isn't he sleeping here?	No, it's better if he doesn't. The house is filled with new people
Any signs of biological contamination, excessive radiation, anything like that?	Not on the landscape. We're trying to get a tube under the faceplate for a reading on possible deadly lifeforms but it's hard going
Hear him?	The white horse.  The horse that is going to greet me when he sees me
What'd it say?	I'll tell you in a second. Now listen to me: everything is okay, I'm taking care of it, so stay on the phone when I tell you
Name's Danny McCoy.  No Neck McCoy we called him.  Runs a few protection rackets for Carnello while he's waiting for something bigger to come along.  Me and Danny been friends since we were six. Take a good look at that face, Floyd, cause if he ever finds out we let one lousy grifter beat us, you'll have to kill him and every other hood in Chicago who'd like to do the same thing.  You understand what I'm sayin'?	Yes sir
No. And what you must try to avoid is becoming consumed by another emotion which I believe you're beginning to experience: guilt.	Guilt. It is a most unpleasant feeling
About that roadhouse -	They got a Cuban band that's the berries. Why don't we go there - blindfold the orchestra - and tango till dawn
You're kidding --	Those comics -- They never got the eyes right
We've got a problem.	What's that
Does it bother you?	Not usually. I mean, honestly, I haven't known many guys that could think straight with an erection, so I feel I'm way ahead of the game as far as being clear-headed goes
Where you plugged-in from?	New York
Yeah. I mean, you are my brother and... well I should have found another way of expressing my disappointment. So, I've decided to make it up to you.	You gonna forget about the money I owe you
Well, just so you know, I don't care about that stuff.	Nah, why should you
Reckon he hated Perfection more than us?  You suppose he <u>wanted</u> to kill himself?	If he did, why didn't he use his damn shotgun
Max, as I was saying, maybe we should go easy on the spending.  I mean these offices and everything.	Why?  Take it when you can get it! Flaunt it, baby, flaunt it
You going to Knott's Berry Farm with him?	He asked me. You going with anybody
They did a nice job... Cozy, huh?	I love you
Get off my roof!	Oh, shit. Jeff. Jeff, come up here
Of course you do, and I want you to... but there's no need to hurry it along, is there?	I can't help it
Well?	Sorry to disappoint. I'm on painkillers for the injury -- they cloud the mind. You're right, it was Nunez. Any more questions
Stop that, Fran.	You'll miss your train, Jeff
Should I say it?	Follow your impulse
Well, I asked the newsboy on the corner.  He didn't know.  Then I asked a janitor, the fireman and finally the green grocer down the way.  He was very helpful.	In other words, the whole goddamn world knows you're here!  Out!  Get out
Put me on the payroll, find out, find out wassup --	You don't just sign up to be a police officer -- it's about three years of training -- ok
You wouldn't happen to know what language they speak in India, do you?	Urdu and Hindi
Then what?	Give up being a croupier, Jack. Or I'll shop you. All you have to do is keep your word. It's that simple
You do know that he's gonna blow up your house, kill your wife and kids --	Good. I'll give him an extra 10 grand for his trouble. I hate that motherfucking house and -
"She's right.  If you two are doing the horizontal polka, the last thing you want is a thirty-five pound bundle-of-joy stumbling around, knocking over furniture and calling you ""daddy."""	Jeez... it's too early in the morning for this.  Leave off.  Here's your paper
I don't see what else you can do, Charles.  If he's right - and the papers publish this story he has -	Oh, they'll publish it all right. But that's not going to stop me 
Goddamn you got a small ass.	Don't look at my ass
Divinity?	Yes
These are all from me.	"This one says, ""To Mother from Amy."
It would take ten years of normal exposure to begin to reverse their condition. Some of them won't survive that long. Besides, they don't want to live in the middle of The Briar Patch... who would?	The Ba'ku
Who am I?	Doctor Livingston
Now quit, Bobby. You said you're goin' a help me pick a song.	You said
The driver will...	But I speak English
Great, bye.	Bye
I know. Women Now, I guess. The commercial says they help women now.	Want me to call for you? I called for Becky last year
What's he doing here?	Looks like he's staying with Buckethead. That's what I figured. He's probably got his own room. Let's see where he's going
I thought you wanted to.	No
No.  I missed that.	I missed all of you.  We're okay, aren't we
Howdy, Miss Gulch.	I want to see you and your wife right away...
And you feel the same way with John?	Kind of. I mean, John's like this kind of... craftsman. Like he's a carpenter, and he makes really good tables. But that's all he can make, and I don't need anymore tables
I gotta get to the tryouts.  Wish me luck.	Good luck
There ya go. Always remember, focus on the peach...	...not the pit
I'm going it alone this time, Vanessa. I have a follow-up visit with the Evil Doctor.	I'll secure the perimeter
Well.  It looks like someone got to his private parts before us.	Communist Viet Cong
Eight and twenty-four!  How'd we ever win 8 games?	It's a miracle
Sorry!	Maybe we should discuss this somewhere else
I'm cutting across to Bundy to Brentwood.  That bank is our best bet.  If anybody shows up I could follow them.	Jack will negotiate with them. He'll identify the right key and give them the information they need to gain access and they'll let Rachel go
28 is do something illegal. 42 is befriend an enemy.	I'm an enemy
He's not registered. Could he have gone to another hotel?	I don't know. I guess
But that's what we're here to find out, right?	You don't tell me my job, and I won't tell you about yours, okay
Last night. 7:30. Big Cup. I kept calling you, but I only got your machine. I don't even know your parents line and I was really worried.	Oh. I forgot
I have a half brother.	I gotta sit down
Get the bang sticks.  We're going down.	Bang sticks are like yelling at it...
What do you suggest?	That you come with me
Do you want to stay?	Why not -- all that awaits me at home is a masturbating Welshman
Fish.	And they still have the lowest rate of cancer of anywhere in the world. You know why? All they eat is seafood
How do you do?  What did you say?....  He is?.... Where is he?  Very well.  He's back in town....  Wynant.  Thank heaven.  He's waiting for me now.  Forgive me, Mrs. Charles...  but I've been so upset.  It's no joke working for a man like that.  I must be off.  Goodbye....  Goodbye,	S'long
...Destry, Fair Oaks....	Knowing you, Brynner, you've got buyers waiting to buy! You're not gonna use that..
I think he saved my life.	How so
I suppose computers have been known to be wrong.	Yes, but it's more likely that the tolerances on our testing gear are too low
Oh it did?	"Yeah, it was edited for TV. All the good stuff was cut out and I started thinking about us and how two years ago, we started off kinda hot and heavy, a nice solid ""R"" rating on our way to an NC17. And how things have changed and, lately, we're just sot of... edited for television"
Why do you want to know?	He forgot his money...  My mother's got a pub, behind the corner, and he forgot his money, about 100$
To all those cons...	Searching for a money man..
His chest was hamburger --	That's close range. You go full auto on a guy from close range, you're gonna be swimming in blood. Look at my uniform. Nothing
You rode your bike out there?	Yes, sir
C'mon I can read for Christ sake.	Well what's wrong
What do we do?	We can't stay here.  Even if that wasn't an Iraqi soldier it's only a matter of time before some show up.  Get all the water you can carry, and we'll head out on foot
Maybe it only happens when you're sleeping - that's the way it was with Nancy, wasn't it?	Now, there's an idea we can take off on.  Maybe we should drive out to the beach tonight and lay out a couple of blankets and...  Until I fall asleep
Good to be aboard, gentlemen.	Captain Oveur, your navigator, Mr. Unger, and your first officer, Mr. Dunn
Nor I! I want to live! I want a home and children and peace. I've asked god for those things. But He's brought me this sword. And if He wills that I must lay it down to have what He wants for my country, then I'll do that too.	That's just a dream, William
Ambrose is meeting some bloke in the bar. Big bloke, ginger hair. They're into something.	I'll be damned.  It's McCloy, the Biocyte CEO
All last night he could have been--	I think he wants something to drink
No, it's been a good day - better than yours, from what I've been told.	You heard
Yeah, I think so...	You don't seem very sure
I don't expect anything, except to be left alone.	Fine with me.  But I'm afraid you'll have to let go
What thing? The Brooklyn thing?	No. No. The guy from downtown
You don't want to be a public nuisance, do you?	Sure.  How much does the job pay?  Sure, if there's a chance for advancement
Being clever.	Well, uh... great
Now why don't you go watch some TV or something?	Are you okay, Violet
Don't turn away! Look at it! You're in this too— don't you see, don't you see? You're in this too, Father.	Edie, I do what I can. I'm in the church when you need me
What's it say? A hundred and two?	I don't believe this. I'm calling the doctor
Point of view is everything. To us, <u>your</u> form of life is ugly as we appear to you.	Tell me something:  Why can <u>I</u> hear you, when the others couldn't
You didn't marry Donna Reed.	I'd go with you and Chinese take-out over her any time
You love them, don't you?	Oh, gee, Mister—you wouldn't—you ain't thinkin' about
How come I'm still in black and white?	What
I don't buy it.	Why not? The future of our race runs through your bloodstream. You've got the best of both worlds, Blade. All of our strengths and none of our weaknesses
I used to helm a school ship.  A long time ago.	The Coast Guard 'Eagle'.  She never lost a race while you were Skipper
Jennifer's only ever had one visitor.	A Mister Quaid
Alright.  I can't take the rejection.  I'm going to class.	Don't
Go out there! Find somebody, ask some questions!  I'm sorry if I seem over-anxious to you. I keep thinking... something's wrong. I have to know what!	I think something's wrong, too, Miss. But not the same thing. I think your private detective is what's wrong.  I think he got himself a hot lead as to where your sister was going... probably from Norman Bates...  and called you to keep you still while he took off after her and the money
Fuck you, Mr. whatever-your-name is. This is a lifestyle I embrace.	That's why I'm letting you take care of this.  I'm the one with appearances to maintain.  But who gives a shit about you?  Not even God
Max.	McCone's been notified and is coming back from the West coast. Carter's here, though
How would you know?	Hey, I know a lot of things
Look, D. B. I'm supposed to know my way around. This John Doe movement costs you a fortune. This convention's gonna cost plenty.	Well
-- is often sneered at. Are you aware of that?	Not any real sneering as such, no
You go home.  I'm takin' your car and goin' back to the crime scene.	Aren't you tired
The cloud has fundamentally altered our DNA.	Cool.  What'd it do to you guys
The murder of a President, Bill, is a crime in Orleans Parish too.  I didn't pick you because of your legal skill, you know.	Gee, thanks boss
You ruined my life, Mister...Me and my wife...and I am going to ruin yours...  You don't have to go out there to see that girl.  We been going four years.    Four years...my wife's been crying herself to sleep what they, what, what they did to her sister.	I swear to you I wouldn't have turned the offer down unless I thought that I could win the case..
Thank you.  Tell them, thank you.	We figure you need all the tools you can get to fix up that piece of shit you call a house
You wanna take the chance, Casper?	Not me. No way
The Building and what?	The Bailey Building and Loan. It was up there
I beg you.  You can't do this to me.	I had three other offers.  I only signed on to this picture out of... loyalty
You didn't have to beat him up!	What
Why do you have to see him?	Well -- I said I might marry him
That guy's not going to make it.	Nothing we can do, man
"Didn't you just make one called ""Bride Of The Atom""?"	It's the same film.  But the distributor wanted a punchier title. C'mon!  It's gonna be a big event -- we're going all out!  Bela, Tor, and Cris are coming.  You'll have fun
How good it felt!	How good it felt 
What do you do best?	Hey, man, I can't do that here, that's what they put me away for
-- it's not the source of the information that's important here --	-- I paid this fucking guy -- I paid him four thousand dollars -- my last four thousand dollars to marry me, okay? -- I told this to the case officer last week...  ...<u>here</u> -- Mr. Thomas.  I told Mr. Thomas I didn't know this guy was already married -- I admitted this
Maybe they never got here. He could have taken her anywhere.	C'mon. Let's go
I couldn't just let them make you bring down my degree of difficulty. I'm a triple-twisting, double back flip off the high platform, not a swan dive.	My God..
Not Koontz.	Be happy.  He's good at this
Our equipment has arrived.	Hmmm
"You're either having a seizure or you just said ""hello."""	Good, I wasn't sure you were up to it
I feel -- fidgety, Ma -- not right at all.	Lan's, I'd think you was having the baby, to hear you
Wrong.	Why didn't you go before we left
What do you want me to do?	Speed up
All of us are typing and clicking, George.  Whether we want to, or not.	I'm not
There's an item you picked up that's marked.  Will you read it?	Dristan nasal spray
Where are you going?	To my weekly confession
No fighting. It wasn't Bob's fault.	Easy, Dignan. It's OK
Houseboats don't go anywhere.	Boats.  All anyone talks about is the wind.  Is it up, is it down.  I can't live with a man who only talks about the wind
Oh, oh. Sam Wainwright! How are you? When did you get here?	Oh, this afternoon. I thought I'd give the kids a treat
Don't you believe it, Rose. Don't!	He couldn't have
Do you have something you use, when you need to get up your courage? Memories, tableaux... scenes from your early life?	I don't know. Next time I'll have to check
Don't let me go!	I'll never let go
"Say ""Mmmerrick."""	Mmmerrick
I'd like to smoke a cigarette.	Certainly
We're alive!	We made It. Commander, we made it.' m ALEXANDER sort ov) By Grabtnar' s h~mmer, we  ove to te   ono 'tale
Ready?  What is it?	Ummm -- figure eight
If I was to think...If I were to think... No I mean I have thinked it over...I have. And without putting a lot of pressure on you I just...Well I just...	What is it
Ten.	And four children
You got to be more careful. Hands is important.  Let me show you something. When I was a kid, now I don't know if you can still see it, but I gashed my fingers in a lawnmower.	I'm very interested in this but is there someplace..
He's a child!	With an iron penis three feet long. Load it, boy
No.  We are insane.  Who else but crazy men would film their murders?  So we kill someone famous and if we are caught, we are sent to mental hospital. But what good is money there?  Because once in hospital I say I not crazy. Just pretended to be acquitted.  We see psychiatrists.  They must certify we are sane and because of your - what is law called?  Oh - I got it.  Because of your Double Jeopardy law, we can't be tried for same crime twice.  We come out free, rich and famous!	Good idea
Help vouchers?	D-90's.  You spend a hundred and twenty-five years on earth, actually, in that house, during which you get only three class- one D-90 intercessions with Juno. You probably haven't even read through the manual completely yet
Did you see Jack?	No. In fact, your wounds were cleaned and dressed before you arrived here
How. Did you. Know that?	You told me that on Parents' Weekend. Remember? Wait, that wasn't me. Or you
Goodbye, Grady.	No. Sara, you don't understand..
Hi.	Is it a gift for your wife?  Are you getting a set together
I saw Una O'Conner a few weeks ago. She said you'd been under the weather.	Oh, nothing out of the ordinary. Growing old
Well, I was flipping through a picture book of her and her family, right.	Right
Who do you think gets through this gate into the United States of America?	I don't know. American citizens
Bullshit.	-- It's about being realistic.  Something like this, Erin -- it could take forever. They're a huge corporation.  They'd completely bury us in paperwork.  I'm just one guy with a shitty little P.I. firm
What's happened?	The engines are dead. We're drifting
Well could I have them back now hon? -- those tape recordings you've got downstairs -- OK? -- and if you want you can have a good time and I'll have a good time and--	What about everything since
Oh my God. Jim Morrison was right.	About what
She jumped out of the window.	I know. Where is he, I said
Alright Willie, I think I got everything. I'll talk to Dillard, see if I can get up to the infirmary and check up on you. Make sure they're changing your diapers regular.	They'll be sending you up there soon enough. And not just for a visit, neither
Nothing.  What you want?	Are you going to take me to see Mom
Greenpeace?	Maybe go up to the North Pole, the Arctic. Tag polar bears with dart guns. I've always had a pretty good aim..
Even if they're not clever.	Even if you've heard them a million times in every stupid pop song ever written
Ma'am?	From me the doctor has no secrets. Poor girl -- how could you do a thing like that
I instruct you to surrender. You are under attack by Federation forces.	Do you realize what you've done? It wasn't bloodshed I wanted
Go for it. It's by the far wall. A small wave band. Channel 9 is the emergency frequency. But I don't see the point.	You're wasting your time, there's no one out there
Johnny Cammareri. I think it's great and about time. What's she gonna do with the rest of her life she don't get married?	I don't wanna talk about it
For Ellie's birthday, yes. I didn't go because her old man thinks I'm a shit and the feeling is heartily re- ciprocated...they'll be back tomorrow night. Jud, what's this about?	Well, there's a dead cat over here on the edge of my lawn, Louis. I think it might be your daughter's
If it's all so fucking futile, what the fuck are you so fucking upset about, fuckhead?	Because I'm alienated
Did you bring a check?	What
Son?	Made a few quid, did ya? Now where is it
Well--who d'you take this time--Paine, Bill, Carl--or McGann?	Hey--you're into me for a buck already. I say--McGann. Shoot the whole dollar
... I was seventeen, I loved her so much I tried to die for her. Two years later I couldn't even remember her name!  Let me tell you, time erases everything!	I don't want to erase anything
I wonder if I should invite my girlfriend over, too. I have a girlfriend now.	You can if you want
Twelve years ... But why haven't they married?	And why haven't they left each other
Are you okay?	Yeah...fine
What is it with you litterbugs?  Is it a territorial thing, marking your turf with your garbage?	You better quit pushing me, pal
Do you wish it, Jack?  Wish you this our wedding band?	What if I answer yes?  Will my wish come true
I'm sorry, er...the biggest one.	Viti Levu.  For how many
See, that's where we're different. I trust you ... to do what it takes to get what you want.	You're playing this as close to the edge as any man, I'll give you that.  We might just have to sign articles, you and I.  Jack, you're a pirate at heart, that's certain
What did you say to me?	It's a little late for you to be up
Why aren't the Enterprise transporters in operation, Mister Scott?	We're hoping it's only a temporary problem, Admiral..
I'm sorry.	The thing is, when I saw him, it seemed like he wanted to tell me...  ...he was upset about something and he said...  Doesn't matter now.  I'm gonna wash up
I'll rig up something don't worry - Do you think I could bash through with that little hammer?	I don't know Doug, we haven't even got the place together and already you want to extend it
Fun, he's not going away; he's scaring the piss outta me!	Not me
The good part was, I had Amy back. So, we went home, had the housekeeper stay over, put the kid to bed, I calmed myself down and we went to dinner. I tried to keep things nice and civil, you know.  But... hey, twenty-five thousand for three suits? That doesn't make much sense.	First of all, he's not gonna wear f- thousand-dollar suits. But let's say he did, which he won't. How you gonna get fitted for twenty-five suits in three days?  I, um, I mean, how could you get fitted that fast? I can't get fitted that fast, and I pay twice as much
Irena.	Look! Why don't you run out and play? The sun's shining
You've never told me why this region's called the Forbidden Zone.	No one really knows. It's an ancient taboo. Set forth in the Sacred Scrolls. The Lawgiver pronounced the area deadly
Hopin' you could tell me if there's a contract out on me. I really need to know.	By who
Not her. Me.    They're beautiful, aren't they? The stars. I never just look anymore and they're beautiful.	Kay, you're scaring your partner
No offense, Whistler, but you're not exactly working with state of the art equipment here. You might have missed something.	Which is why you're here. We could use someone with your experience
You are lying, you never lost that kid for 4 <u>seconds</u>, you could find him from a <u>coma</u>, there is no WAY!	I was running around like a chicken with my head chopped off.  Doing my imitation of you
Well it all depends on how much money you want to spend.  A standard visit would run you about fifty pounds.  That would include myself and an assistant.	And what would you do
How's the stock market?	Up, up, up
John, we have nothing to talk about.	I knew it, I knew it. Things are getting complicated
Abrams.  Yes.  How are you today?	I'm fine
Very interesting. I'm learning a lot about manure.  What's that?	Your shirt and jacket are still stained with blood. I have them soaking.You can wear these
Kicker!	Defense droids. I'm on it
I'm here! Take it easy! Take it easy!  Sit down, sit down...  Did she come?	No, nobody came
Huh?	State of Israel.  If you will it, Dude, it is no-
You flew before?	No
You run the plates?	Fella's name is Harold Speck, travelin' man out of Roswell
As a duly-constituted representative of the City of New York, and on behalf of the County and State of New York, the United States of America, the Planet Earth and all its inhabitants, I hereby order you to cease and desist any and all supernatural activity and return at once to your place of origin or next parallel dimension.	Well, that ought to do it
Oh let's see -- wait a minute, well, I can think of two reasons.	What
That's not the point.  In the end what spies rely on is the one thing they think they know that you don't.	Which is
No one. No one at all. I'm unemployed. Who do you?	Trans Ocean Travel
I don't know what to say.	Say you were wrong
What are the heads?	Later..
A republican is a man who strives to create equality among all classes.  At the core he's a man who believes in doing what's right.	The trouble is defining exactly what 'right' is
I really love you.	As much as Mother Miriam does
Yes.	Kelvin, she'll disintegrate.  You don't believe me?  Let's radio that shuttle pod you launched -- better yet, let's go get it.  I've charted it's trajectory, only take a few hours..
I don't know. Depends. I'm in a bad mood.	I love you. More than I've ever loved anyone or anything in my life
No.  But I'm a clairvoyant.  I can sometimes talk to unhappy spirits inhabiting a certain place.	Oh
Actually, I was just looking for a restroom.	I assume you have one
Aye, but I still wonder how much.	I want it -
Endorse me in public.  Do that and I'll make you rich and set you free. I'll return your estates.  I know you would give anything to be outside again.  Endorse me and you will be free.  Think of it.  What would you do with your freedom?	If you set me free I will find my way back to the army, march on Rome and depose you.  Then, the army and I will restore the Republic so that animals like you will never control human destinies again
Why don't I just wait three weeks and tell her I was cleaning out my wallet and found her number...	...then ask where you met her..
Yes--is it all right if I come like this?	This time I'm really glad you showed up
This dock is off-limits to civilians.	Sorry, I didn't know
Keep her out of here while I check it out.	I'm, uh... real curious about your met up here. I see you have the, uh, double-office-type thing going here.
Are they okay?	Aside from the fact that Mom's eyes are nearly swollen shut from crying and Dad spends all his time under the car trying to fix stuff that isn't broken, things couldn't be better
Shoot.	A million flat
There! Guess that ought to hold good. Put him down here, by the fire, Mary.  But we don't want to get him too close -- we'll have roast pork for supper.	Not on the Sabbath you won't, Jabez
What was the cover on the one that got Holden?	Industrial refuse
No one has mentioned the part of the plan about us getting caught and going to prison.	We're leaving. Raymond get the bag
You got your wish.	But...  I didn't wish... I didn't want him DEAD
Jack, must you go?	Time for my coach to turn back into a pumpkin
Aw, now, doggone it, Ernie, don't you start pulling that stuff. You know where I live. Three-twenty Sycamore. Now hurry up.	Okay. Three-twenty Sycamore? . . 
$10,000! I don't know what to do, Ed. I don't know what I *can* do. Even though I know who the sonofabitch is.	...You know... who *who* is
I... no, I... I just can't...	It's okay, son.  We just need to call you something.  That's all
Oh? And what should I say?	Just...say...no
How can you store an energy field within you?	When a creature dies, the force it generated remains.  The Force is all around us.  It can be collected and transmitted through the use of a Kiber crystal.  It's the only way to amplify the power of the Force within you
I'm at work, asshole.  Where else?	Elaine! I... I'm sorry... I was expecting somebody else... police business
A little.	You look good, man
You thought Stargher wanted to be caught.	I did, yeah
For what?	Laurant and Vincent were in business with Zammito
Four hours and fifteen minutes. I can make Vegas in 3 and change.	I'm not getting a ticket
It's definitely your mama.	Damone, you gotta listen to me
Your turn, Rudy. You want me to flip for you?	Jesus Christ, no. Okay, okay. You got it, you got it! You're the boss
What the hell you doing back already?	You're never going to believe this, but the canyon road...we were on it not two hours ago...well, it's completely..
Are you a good witch, or a bad witch?	Who, me?  Why, I'm not a witch at all.  I'm Dorothy Gale from Kansas
Fuckin-A.	Let's not do the tire thing anymore, okay
What's wrong with you?	I would prefer it if you kept away from LESLI
I understand, Michael.  But you must make a family, you know.	I want children, I want a family. But I don't know when
A Turkish brothel.	Turkish? Oh, if it's Turkish, that's different. I want to be in it
There can't be very much-	Oh, but there is
Depends how you define 'new'...	You're the kid who was home schooled
Just get me out of here as soon as you can.	Ok, you're scheduled to leave Saturday, but we'll hold a seat Thursday in case, but first class is full, you're waitlisted for an upgrade... there might be a seat on Lufthansa..
You girls ready.	Yeah
Same thing happened to me with wife two.  I had no idea until I came home and the house was empty.  I mean empty.  She even took the ice-cube trays from the fridge.  What kind of person would think of that?	I still don't believe it
Did you speak to Oswald in Dallas?	Hell, no!  I told this Bertrand cat right off, this isn't my scene, man. I deal with muni court, I'm a hack in nigger town, that kid needs a hot dog
Isn't that what the old Canaveral guys used to call a comet on an East-West trajectory?	How the hell would I know? I was in high school back in those days
We're not.	Really? Both of you?... Why not
Stop, please! I don't know!	Prepare a tear harness for the female..
Funny, I don't get that feeling. Maybe it's because you found out I'm Bill Parrish's daughter.	Cut it out, Susan.  You and I've got to talk.  Big day tomorrow, everybody.  Joe, let's go
A harmless joke.	No, it's humiliating and you've been doing it since I was a kid.  I don't like it.  Stop.  You may not like having a daughter with problems.  But guess what?  I don't like having a father who's drunk all the time.  I'll eat in my room
I can't do it.	That's because you're soft. Gimme the gun
For what?	Honesty
Ick.	I won't ask why you would want to help someone trying to kill you, but hey, good job.  Shall we
It's just the guys that are... you know, makin' the movie about the pageant. I told you about 'em.	Oh, naw. Hi
Uh-huh . . .	Well, you got your circulation. Now, why don't you let me alone
It's a game, son. I can explain it pretty easily. There's a pitcher.	Like a painting
Yeah.  You don't wanna know the details.	Ben, I'm afraid I've got to ask -
I might have to show him some material that could stimulate him.	As long as it's on soft paper.  You may...  Find this curious
That's a long time.	We were like sisters.  Knew everything about each other
So eat just a little. You gotta eat something.	What am I gonna do for 24 hours? I can't even eat
What are you talking about?	I've searched the entire world for you, Buffy
...the United States into the kind of country we're supposed to be fighting against.	But you have no choice but to follow orders
If they had taken us by surprise they would have gotten the tapes back. That would have left us with nothing.	No, that would have left me with nothing because all of you would be dead
Oh. Right. Ha. Listen, about last night. There is something I need to tell...	Are you limping? Why are you limping
"I don't know. She's living with that ""entertainer""..."	Well, who knows? Maybe she finally picked a winner this time
Where you goin'?	Pitt
Please, Mirtha.  I'll start working for Augusto.  I'll talk to him tonight. I'll do something.	Don't touch me.  Tell me.  Just answer the question.  What do I spend?  What? How will we live
I don't know...we've gone off course or something...	What do you mean??
Are you hating this?!  Are you!	I hate you, you son of a bitch!!
Too bad we all can't, baby... One thing about Dell?	What's that
What the fuck -- ?	You didn't want us calling anybody. Too liable to ruin your big payday
Burn her anyway.	Quiet! Quiet!  There are ways of telling whether she is a witch
Get the outside shutters.	What are we doing
I don't care.	Kids eat that kind of stuff in Korea
I'm not crazy.	Of course not, I never thought you were. You want to escape, right?  That's very sane.  I can help you.  You want me to, don't you?  Get you out
Hello! It's Anchorage!  Gotcha!	Sorry, that's the largest city
They're fine.  As long as they can gripe, they'll be alright.	And what about you
You were saying?  Your daughter....?	I..
Yeah. I guess--sometimes--Senator Paine must be right. Sometimes you-- you got to compromise a little--  And if you say so too, Saunders--if *you* think that's the thing to do--	I *don't* think that's the thing to do! No! I think what you ought to do is--*fight*
Oh my God!  America told me your neighbors are coming?	And here they are
Do you like the way I feel?	Yes
You're killing me, you know that? You got no sick time according to Command. I've been told to terminate.	It's okay. I'll just get my things out of the locker
"Let me tell you something, doctor. Chicks love a guy with a bad rap. They say they don't, but they don't mean it. They all think that they're the ones that are going to ""save me."" The trick is to let them think it's true."	I think that's all the time we have for today
No. That night--I--well, *you* know-- I was pretty--. No--Diz is a--a sort of brother, that's all--	That's funny. I thought all along--  Gee--I--I'm glad to see you. I *thought* of you--I mean--I wanted to talk to someone and--well--  --Mr. Lincoln hasn't much to say--  Saunders--I'm not fit to sit up in the Senate--haven't you heard?--I robbed boys of their pennies and dimes
So who you out sleuthin' for now?... Can I help ya?	Actually, I'm lookin' for Marietta's daughter, Lula. Her and 'er beau took off the other day. Marietta's real upset about it
Sorry.	See? There you go again
Why, yeah.	I hope you don't mind, Jesse James told me your name
Sure I can't interest you in anything else?	Another time
Excuse me?	I can be quick.  I can even be funny
Bandit II. We'll be back on the highway in a second. Over.	I'll keep my eyeballs peeled
I wouldn't say encouraged.	Well, he didn't say 'no', did he? Didn't say no hope existed
Yes, Chuck?	Come to the office, please
No.	Did you ever
What's he doing here?	Who, him? Just visiting
Like in nothing.  Nobody.  Nix.	Who is he
If I say no?	You're smarter than Kobo.  You know the price of deceit.  Think about it
Go to sleep Ellen.	No really, if God takes us away from each other, you know where to look now
Do you hear me?	He was murdered, Father! Mozart! Cruelly murdered
She did, did she?  How is the old girl?	Definitely old
I don't see where we are *with* it.	"No! Gosh! I better get moving here, Miss Saunders--  Everybody else calls you just plain ""Saunders."" Why can't I"
Why are you so upset?	You know, you've been picking on her ever since she came in here. Now just leave her alone for a while!  I'm just suffocating
I doubt anyone's throwing us a shower.	Why
It was over with Bill before you ever came home. Maybe you don't remember it now, but you were pretty hot to see me back then.	You weren't so lukewarm yourself. At least at first
I know.	And I can't understand how it can hurt to be honest, but the more I tried to explain -
My father, he was -- he was real close to evil. People didn't know. Still don't. From the time I was a toddler he'd beat the hell out of me. I don't mean just like a smack for smart--mouthing... he took a real enjoyment in it. And when I turned eleven or twelve, things... well, they got worse. Starla looks at Bill, who seems struck.	When you wanted to run away, I called your dad
I'm sure it's a great town, Dr. Chilton, but my instructions are to talk to Lecter and report back this afternoon.	I see.  Let's make this quick, then. I'm busy
Nothing. It's just you're a girl after my own heart.	What time is it
May be a few minutes. I gotta stick around here...	It's important
Well, he is.	So what's your point
Call you back.  You bastard! What do you want?	I just want to talk
And let my cry come unto thee.	The Lord be with you
What?	I can't explain it now.  But I want you to set the locks for two months. You have more than enough of everything.  Then we'll be back to get you
My God, you're shot...	Yes
Rochester? Well, why Rochester?	Well, why not? Can you think of anything better
Describe Mallory? Okay. She's pretty, she's got blonde hair, two eyes, two feet, two hands, ten fingers...	Don't play dumb with me, Mickey. You know what I mean. Describe Mallory.  What's up here?  What's in here
Hi George!	Eh, hi, Andy.  Look, this Tony Clifton... is he performing anywhere
How is that...?	A twenty year space veteran, yet you ask for the worst duty station in town. I mean, look at this place: the hind end of space
I can see where I won't talk much to you.	<U>Nuts</U> to you too
Sorry, sir.	Donít ever sneak up on me like that! Who are you
One simple word, three little letters. Yes.  That's all it's gonna take and we could move out of this dump, get the real deal.  Big houses, legit business...	That's your dream, Homes.  Not mine.  I don't want to leave this street.  Ever. The status quo is totally cool with me
Hope you don't mind keeping him company.	No problem
It's late. I'm headin' home.	Me, too
Really nice. Shouldn't that be a good thing... telling someone, 'no thanks required.'	It looks like it really went over. You're sure making the rounds. Simon says you brought him soup last night. I hope he doesn't write you a note
Wait for the wind! Wait and hear the birds sing over you!	We're ready
...Afraid.	Bruce. Son. Listen to me. You are a kind man. A strong man. But in truth you are not the most sane man
I came up with the formula back in Nam but I never got a chance to use it.	Never
All right, so I made another deal.	I got a new deal for you
Yes. But until then, you'll have to make do with what you've got.	That'll be interesting
You don't look angry.	How do I look
How come it bumps up and down when there's no road?	The wind does that.  Ever been to the Bahamas before
Shall I tell ye the little story of Right-Hand-Left-Hand -- the tale of Good and Evil?	It was with this left hand that old brother Cain struck the blow that laid his brother low -
Where is she?	I don't know
Two years.	"Then they weren't created to go after your ""patient zero"""
Nice to meet you, Wally.	Shhh!  They're sleeping
I only meant...	These supplies...
I came to say goodbye.	Goodbye? Where're you going? What about our partnership? I'm making real progress with the microchip
Yeah, grotesque.	Make a note of that word and give it to Susan. I think it's rather touching really. Here's this kid trying to give me his utterly valueless opinion when I know for a fact within four weeks he'll be suffering from a violent inferiority complex and loss of status if he isn't wearing one of these nasty things. Of course they're grotty, you wretched nit, that's why they were designed, but that's what you'll want
I don't know. I just think that you would love it.	But, I don't know. I'm just scared that things would change. Between us
Yeah. Sure Go ahead. Hypnotize me.	OK. Stay there. I'll be right back
Do you think your wife would walk up three flights of stairs just to eat out of paper plates?	Who - Anne? Sure, Anne would love that
In that camper out there I saw a guitar. I take it that's yours.	Yeah, it's mine
I'm looking for you.  I need your tactical unit.	I'm not stupid!  You can't get out of here fast enough, then you take back command; you agree to wait on Smith, then you risk everything in a stupid stunt to get him out -
Okay, I wanna see the hands. I wanna see which of you birds has any guts.	Everyone in favor of changing the schedule raise his hand
You know what we do? We use psychology.	We use what
You know how spiritual he's gotten ever since he saved Mrs. Halpern and Katie.	He saved Mrs. Halpern? Please, the twisted fuck
Yes.  It is, George.  Yes.  It's a big decision.  And it's a big reward.  It's a big reward.  For one night's work.  But it's got to be tonight.	What
Chief, try to keep out of where we're going -- Why we're goin' and what's gonna be the big surprise.	All right with me, I used to drive a taxi
"Not ""just,"" Clarice. What set you off? You started what time?"	Early. Still dark
I can't believe you're still here.	I'm moving
There's the spirit, lad.  If ye run into trouble, give a yank here and we'll haul ye up.	What's left of me... How do I recognize the armor of Achilles
...and if you want a thicker base, you can cut in a potato or just use a little flour.	But you use potato
I know... Why don't you hang around for a while, let me entertain you? It's Matt, right?  Now tell me the truth, have you ever... made it... with one of us?	Not unless I got real drunk and nobody told me about it later
And don't ever try to see me again.	What are you talking about
She'd aspirated vomitus into her mask...	She THREW UP IN HER MASK. Let's cut the bullshit. Say it: She THREW UP IN HER MASK
A casual one.	Damn, this is sweet.  We are going to be home in no time
What is it? What's going on?	I'm happy the way I am
Pull them back!	Everyone back
A scar. On the arm. Of the man who planted this in Alex Corvis's car.	There's no scar, you freak. The Corvis kid made it up
What news?	The British army is barricaded in Boston.  Harry Lee, is here from Virginia, recruiting for a Continental Army
No, Mom -- keep it on!	Okay ... But just for tonight
Indeed.	And, Father, I've never been guilty of any institutional infractions, have I
One way.	30.55. Twenty more will get you back
That's not your line.	Say you love me
Me?	I'd send them up, but sadly, I don't trust the young lady to find you on her own
Thought that door was open last night...	Quit fucking around.  Get in
Packed to the ceiling. Hurry -- get dressed. And what an audience -- the French Ambassador -- American Millionaires -- Princess Ratzville -- er -- er --	Oh -- but it can't be
Mr. Crabtree was saying how George Sanders killed himself, only he couldn't remember how.	Pills. August 25, 1972. In a Costa Brava hotel room
Buddy-boy -- she won't keep that long -- not even on ice.  Listen, kid, I can't pass this up -- she looks like Marilyn Monroe.	I don't care if it is Marilyn Monroe -- I'm already in bed -- and I've taken a sleeping pill -- so I'm afraid the answer is no
Where?	You'll have to wait until we reach the agency...Fall in behind the column..
I spent all day crawling out of a grave. The costumer kept bitching 'cause I was ripping my nylons –-	Ripped nylons work. Makes the shot more real
I told you, the family doesn't want the police around.  We want to take care of it ourselves and we will. I'll find him.  I swear I will.	I know you will
And if it is too late for you your children will eat it.	Let's forget the future... let's stop being sentimental... let's start that omelet
I wanna hear about it.	Oh Jesus Christ
You've gotta be kidding?	But, they don't speak English
I only exchanged a few casual words with her, as one would ordinarily do on a public bus...	And do you remember where she got off
Is that clear?	That's clear
Just a kid.	Yeah, well, cops kick the shit out of kids too
No. I'll take a strega.	What, motherfucker? You drinking 'the witch' after dinner
... I love you.  I couldn't tell you before, but it's true.	... just remember that, Ôcause I'll be back ..
I heard your friend was back in the hospital.	Michael.   Yes
Young adult.	Eric..
"""Down?"" Wait, don't tell me."	The cops from my trial. They killed Lauren. The whole thing was fixed
Just look.  What do you wear? A nine?	A seven
You were going to can me, right?	Not really
No.	Of the woman in the mirror. Would you know her if you saw her
Will you come with me?	Of course.  When
I'm gonna be sick.	You're gonna be sick are you
He's all yours.	Are you okay
Yes ...  It's just that ...	What
If you want a partner, I think you should recalculate the split.	Okay, 80-20-
You got to learn everything the white man says and use it against him. The truth is laying there if you smart and read behind their words. It's buried there. You got to dig it out.	Man, how'm I gonna know the ones worth looking at
Yes, the rain has been very heavy.	Yes
Tricky little devils, aren't they? How's the degree doing?	Inch by inch...
"This is the answer: a subscription drive to ""Voice of Action!"" First prize is a trip to Moscow! You could visit the art theatre, maybe even meet Stanislavski!"	But I'll never win that
Tell me a story, John.	Once upon a time there was a rich king...  ...and he had him a son and a daughter and they all lived in a castle over in Africa. Well, one day this King got taken away by bad men and before he got took off he told his son to kill anyone that tried to steal their gold, and before long these bad men come back and -
Not much chance of that.  Jaeger's an idiot.	He's not so-
He's gone.	Uh-huh
He's in the dumps, sir.  Agnew.  Every time you have him attack the press, they give it back to him in spades. He's become the most hated man in America.	Yeah, good old Spiro.  Well, better him than me.  What the hell is he but an insurance policy
Yes. Very much.	"It was my last. I then became infatuated with these -- my ""Odorifics."
Only when I'm n-n-n-	Nervous
You want some eggs.	Why not
It's okay, Paul. It's okay.	I don't know what to do
How appropriate.	I’d heard there were some renovations there...no one would look for a sub in that place in a million years
Oh, tell the story.	--so our first date, she told me about her favorite place in the world, the seven pools of Hana on the island of Maui..
Must have taken a hell of a long time.	Time I had lots of
Say, I just heard the merger isn't going thru. Isn't that grand?	Yeah, swell
What do you charge for company, Vivian?	Company would cost you... a hundred dollars
I think I pulled my quadriceps.	So... how many movies you been in
It's not the machine. There's a mismatch on the personnel code numbers... Ah there we go! That's a B58/732 when it should be a T47/215 ... Tuttle ... he should have £31.06, debited against his account for electrical procedures, not Buttle.	Oh my God, a mistake
I did not break nor enter. I simply chose an advisable location to await my client's delinquent husband.	I hate to conduct business on the lanai. Why don't we step inside
We're wasting time.	See!  That's what I like about you, man!  You're just sharp as a razor blade
Fame?  Thank you, no. Fame is the burial ground of contentment. Eat it and go hungry; count it and go broke; seek it and grow mad. Fame is what fools yearn for and wise men shun.	Fame is what you leave to your sons
I was crazy, I tell you, Mr. Dickson. I didn't know what I was doing. I wandered around in a daze. All I could think of was that they were going to kill me . . .  You'll stand by me, won't you, Mr. Dickson? You won't go back on me now, will you? I'll die if they send me to prison!	Don't forget there's a dead watchman downstairs
Oh I remember 'em, colored fellas I believe, swell bunch a boys, sung into yon can and skedaddled.	Well that record has just gone through the goddamn roof! They're playin' it as far away as Mobile! The whole damn state's goin' ape
Sure.  The Kremlin.  Makes sense. The Kremlin.  Why not?  Listen, this is all too Indiana Jones and the Lost City of King Tut for me, man.  Throw me in jail and go ahead, just try and throw Alex...	Jail, you asshole!  Our foot soldiers will blow your brains out!  Bunny, Ball-Ball
Yes.	Why are you here?  HMMMMMMMM!!!! OK
What are you doing? Get Connell at the Bulletin !  Why, he's liable to go right past my window,  What was that?!	What
Calm down, my lord, I beg you!	How can I calm down when I'm made the laughing-stock of the whole court?!  I've had enough
A what?	A thermonuclear holocaust, sir.  These creatures from Planet 10 are ready to exploit Soviet-American tensions and get us to blow each other off the face of the earth, sir, if necessary
You're the greatest fool I've ever known, Kane.  If it was anybody else, I'd say what's going to happen to you would be a lesson to you.  Only you're going to need more than one lesson. And you're going to get more than one lesson.	Don't you worry about me.  I'm Charles Foster Kane.  I'm no cheap, crooked politician, trying to save himself from the consequences of his crimes 
I can't.	I thought there was something... That night in the club..
What'd you see?	I don't know. Marcie's got me paranoid
You had all those cattle there, so I'd think the extra men were in town from the cattle drive?	Yes
One thing is certain; we cannot escape on auxiliary power.	Visual!  Mr. Sulu, divert everything to the phasers -
Well, we thought we was doin' it for money...  What'd they do anyhow? Cheat at cards, steal some strays, spit on a rich fella?	Cut up a woman. Cut her eyes out, cut her tits off, cut her fingers off... done everythin' but cut up her cunny, I guess
You used to go out with her?	We were going to start again, I think
Doug, maybe we should take a trip.	Lori, move
"Send to commander Enterprise: ""We stand ready to assist you. Captain Sulu, USS Excelsior."" Attach our co-ordinates."	Is that wise, sir? I mean, given their situation -  Aye, sir
With much bloodshed.	I am afraid
30   CONTINUED:	Now, why don't you get around to saying what you want
Oh, I'm fine, I'm wide awake. What's up?	Well... Hal's reported the AO-unit about to fail again
"....I hardly <u>think</u> so... after ""The Incident""..."	No, no, of course not
Then come with me to Ingolstadt. Marry me now.	If only I could. But one of us must stay. Father's not strong. Willie's just a child. Who can look after them in your absence? Who can run the estate
Not here.	Who gives a fuck
Yeah— us Golden Warriors.  You're a good kid, Jimmy, a good tough kid. We stick together, huh, kid?	You was our first Supreme Commander, Terry. Keep out of sight and I'll tell him you're out
"Well, I, you know, I took her to the van, you know. It was goin' all hot and heavy and she started hanging on me, you know? And she started crying, ""Tim, Tim, what's the matter? I love you. Don't go!"" And I was just looking at her stupid face and her stupid eyes, stupid mouth and I was filled with disgust, man. And I fuckin'... Oh, man, I really..."	What'd you do
A hundred and fifty-six. Some'll charge you more'n that, go as high as six for five on a short-term loan. So three a week's not too bad.	A real bargain
No --	Here's what I'm taking him in -- so he can't attack me again
I've been craving that stuff all week.	And it's hard to get
Do?  What can you do?  What did you expect?  He wasn't Jewish. Did you know bow they live?  Your father would never stay out this late without calling.  In thirty years he never stayed out all night.	Stayed out? Daddy never went out at all
Come on...maybe we can...where do you want to go?	Venice...Like Katherine Hepburn in SUMMERTIME. . ....Why can't I be Katherine Hepburn..
Yeah.  At Bellevue.  Still hanging on.  But they still don't know if she was pushed.	She mighta jumped.  Love suicide?  Check it for me, Phil...it's a real heart throb
Some people would say you're paranoid.	Well, if I am, why is the Government concealing evidence
Milo. What's up?	Well -- you sent for me
You got three minutes. One second longer, I shoot your father in the face. Do you understand what I just said?	Yes
That's okay.	It's just a corpse
Fine.  We gotta him.	So! -- He's on your side, too
Corbett coming here stinks of trouble.  We should make the best of it before it turns around and bites us in the ass.	Stay out of it
It's me.	You're fucking dead
Only silence. It's always like this.	And no birds sing
Sidetracked?  Oswald, this is your chance to fulfill a destiny that your parents carelessly discarded ...	Reclaim my birthright, y'mean
Good to meet you, Dr. Wigand.	Mike's our Attorney General down here.  I was just explaining to Jeff, they got a Kentucky court to issue a gag order to stop his deposition today
Mr. King, I think --	Hey, I got it! Take some mental notes. You just might learn something here
You know.  If we hook up, tomorrow I'll just be some girl you go telling all your friends about.	No way
-- 73	-- 73, and divorce is as easy as paying off a traffic ticket, and for crying out loud, Ben, be a man and just get it over with. I would have if I'd had the chance
Where's Dr. Marcus --	I'm Doctor Marcus
Granted.  Where are you going?	Cheraw Falls
So, you have a wife and kid waiting for you in Pennsylvania... what are you doing mixed up in all this?	Good question
Johnny, let's get the cleanup started.	You've got it boss. One more mangled body to the East River, coming up 
Should I be?	What’s a French private investigator doing here
Excuse me - didn't His Majesty specifically forbid ballet in his opera?	Yes, absolutely. Is there a ballet in Figaro
Is the job done?	No
Buffy, this is crazy.  What do these guys want?	Andy, start breaking up some chairs. You'll need weapons
She's all your's Fish. Anything you want. Happy bachelor party.	I can't
Monthly! God, how shallow do you think Brad is? Why do I waste my time telling you this stuff?	Why do you think you tell me, Nessa
...That's all well and good, Captain, save for one thing:  There's no gold down there.	What are you talking about? We went through all this and the ship isn't even down there
Robin was Robin Masters. He owned the estate they lived on ...	Ten points for our fearless leader ... Sway, how 'bout giving us the honor of the Bill Bixby trifecta -- 
&quot;In the great green room there was a telephone and a red balloon...&quot;	Aren't you going to drink your cocoa? It's the good kind
Hey, bud.	Frank..
Look, man, I'm the bachelor, alright? I gave her a hundred bucks in tips alone --	Get your hands off of her
Of course, yes. Just what would you like to know, Inspector?	Where were you at twelve o'clock last night
Okay, Lieutenant Dish. I guess she's already... involved with somebody here.	They've all tried. Nobody's got to first base
What do you want to know?	No games, Irwin; give
Yeah. It's wedged in between Wyoming and Nevada. I'm sure you've seen pictures.	What about finding the source
Yes!	And you were such an apt pupil! What fun you two must have had, playing games with me! Why me? Why did he pick on me?!
Which stall?	Excuse me
I ain't no movie star. I'm just in high school.	Oh no? I thought you was a movie star
Right here in Manhattan.	It said in the paper he drowned in a swimming pool.  <u>In Newport</u>
Oh... indeed. Crealock, we should see that Colonel Dumford has an Officer for his hard riders. Perhaps a subaltern from the Twenty Fourth.	I thought it might be more effective to find someone who speaks Zulu
Yeah, the guy with the BMW I told you about. I did, didn't I?	Here's my theory. Twombley, unaware of illegal union loans or whatever, starts nosing around cause of the investigation and finds out. Finds out his son-in-law is involved
Whatcha wanta order?	I need some nutmeg, flour, eggs, sugar, and..
Thanks for saving me from a fate worse than death.	I didn't mean to
Don't pester him, he's had a hard day.	Right, right, sorry
Start the tape, Lloyd.	Roger that, Wilco
Hey Mike, out of the bag into the bureau, huh... How do you like it so far?	Right behind you, T.J
I can use a shot of what he's got.	... Me, too
Sir, Starfleet calling Grissom again. A warning about us.	Response
Dad -- eleven o'clock!!	What happens at eleven o'clock
Where did you sleep?	I didn't
All right.  What is it?	A square
All right, let's have a rematch.	I thought you had to go to the mainland today. Aren't you going to miss the ferry
Good night, Wade.	Good night
It's a Chicago station. I found it the other day.	Kinda pretty. Is this uh... jazz kinda singing
What?	The kid is on.  You've got me listening to this garbage. Go on, turn it on
Or would you rather I changed the subject?	I think so
Sir, I have no way of proving that you demolished the bathroom --	I didn't do it
Zanzibar.  The Comoros Islands. Somewhere in the Indian Ocean. There's twelve-hundred islands there...	Is this the protective male talk
Hmmm.  Durango, Colorado; Asheville, North Carolina, then...canceled her account.	Can you find her
Said he'd heard you were up in town. Wondered if I knew where you was staying. Wanted to look you up. Old time's sake.	That's nice. What'd you tell him
Dad, I was talking to Jessica about reincarnation, and she thinks that probably you knew Annie in another life.	Who is Annie
Uh-huh?	Take your second position
What do you mean?	People who will help our cause
Remarkable aircraft. Remarkable.	why did they do that
Not at all. In fact, I thought about going.	You Miss Dunlop
Mistake?  Hey, guy, get back here!	Hm.  What a lump
No.  Don't tell me that.	I'm sorry
What? My eyes are not lying!	Yes they are, Josh. Since Mankato, they have been lying eyes
How can it be the right thing if we're not together?	I have to think about my future. And what people expect from me
We don't even like them,  I've often thought of giving it away, but Oliver wouldn't stand for it.  It was his first wife's favorite picture.  She was an artist.	I didn't know Mr. Reed had been married before
There's gotta be a hundred pawn shops in downtown Philadelphia.  I take it there's a reason we're going to this one.	There's a god damn good reason
No, you don't. If I ever get word of you steppin' over the line again, I'm gonna ventilate that suit of yours.	Spare met Jack. I'm into legit investments from here on in
Oh-my-God. You totally ripped off my Malibu Barbie idea.	Uh uh. I'm Disco Barbie
What?	You'll have a good time with me. Want to? I've got enough money. Ten thousand two hundred in my pocketbook. Three thousand four hundred that I won. It will last a long time. I can win more -- we'll travel
Tell Frick and Frack that means them too.	I'll be alright
Do you mind if I go with you?	There's no one there -— nothing but the caves and the dead
How did you, know the rest? I never taught you the rest of it.	I don't understand
That's why I'm asking.	Because this pain—in—the—ass criminal psychology expert has helped me understand what I'm capable of. And what I'm not.  And better than anyone else, I am capable of stopping Sid 6.7
What are you talking about, Major?	The three-letter code group.  Or maybe some combination of the three letters. P...O...E, or P...E...O, or E...O...P... let's see, there would be six possible combinations
Move.  This is already affecting our schedule.	INT. BRYNNER'S VAN - NIGHT
Oh, there are so many.	Well do you love... do you love Father Martineau
Hi Chris. Great party.	Yeah, don't stop. Keep going
Are there snakes out here?	They hear you comin'.  They won't bother you. Just don't sneak up on 'em
You were merciless.  You didn't give a shit if you got me or not.	Well, who was it that taught me how to do that?  Huh
Maybe... why do you ask?	I'm thinking of investing with him. He worries me
The most. You ever lost. On a coin toss.	I don't know. I couldn't say
What did he say?	It looks pretty hopeless... there may be a chance... that's all... The French Government has recognized Soviet Russia and he doubts that they will risk a war for my poor sake. He might be able to make up some kind of a case but it would cost money, money, money!... That's all they are interested in -- those lawyers
What world are you talking about? Ain't nothing harmless down here.	Blue. That doesn't hurt nobody. Yellow neither
The Presidency.  The public loves him.	For ten more minutes they love him, Wally.  I'm sick of him and I'm always about ten minutes ahead of the public
He had the edge. The mind's edge.	Mickey and Mallory have that edge
Nothing.  Why don't we walk to my dorm?	I'm not up for running into anybody. Let's just kick it here, alright
How can you lie like that? Why don't you vent? Vent your frustration. Come on, who pisses you off?	It's not really anyone per se, it's more of separate groupings
Excuse me, I don't mean to harass you, but I was very impressed by the capable and stylish manner in which you dealt with that situation. I thought to myself: she's special.	Thanks
Surely, come right in.	Thanks. May I sit down
Double or nothing? Are you fucking out of your mind?	I'm not gonna let that bastard take my mone
Not! I tell you. No!	You shot the leopard. We know that. You killed Consuelo. You killed Clo Clo. Then tonight -
Sir?	All the food groups?  Avoiding sugar?  Caffeine?  I see to it that my people maintain cardiovascular fitness.  We stay off hard liquor, cigarettes..
So how's it going with your new roomie? What's her name?	Betty. It's O.K. except I'm worn out. We spent all weekend looking for her doctor-boy. How can a big time heart guy leave no trace of himself
Am I a thing?	Well, you're certainly not a person
...and Bill Mayhew almost caught him in his net...?	Doctor, you're the one who told me what it was
Now you're talking!  We pick up a couple of second-hand wigs - a little padding here and there - call ourselves Josephine and Geraldine -	Josephine and Geraldine!  Come on
What kind of sick question is that? I'll be watching you, young man. Your money and power mean nothing here. Nothing.	I guess you won't be wanting that Rolex I sent you, then
They can't erase memories. It's a joke. It's a nasty Clementine hoax.	Sweetie, we called the company
You still never know what's going on in anyone's mind...	I can't believe it. Whatever happened was an accident
Oh.  I... where's Louise?	She's off with Jimmy, that's her boyfriend
Certainly not!	Divorce? An alcoholic relative?  Tell me, did Chip torture animals when he was young
I'll be the judge of that.	I'm her father
"What ""magic"" have you brought, Erik?"	You'll see
I know.  I know.  They'll say anything.	-- And she was positively glowing at the awards.  I should be going, she'll be here soon -
And I'm gonna help put the razor blades in the candy apples.	I'll bet you are... you are a naughty little thing aren't ya
Look, I told you I'm not going to college.	Well, I think it's good to keep all your options open. You can always enroll for the winter quarter.  You could even live here and go to the city college part time, and still get a job if you wanted to
Not even for lunch?	I'm by myself today, ate my lunch outta the microwave
<u>So what are we doing</u>?	Go back to the hotel
Why do I feel like the other man, here?	Come on, Bruce. This is what I do for a living
He respond to the offer? What? What the hell's Cromwell doing giving lecture tours when his company's losing 60 million a quarter? I guess he's giving lectures on how to lose money...if this guy opened a funeral parlor, no one would die, this turkey's totally brain dead...Well Christmas is over and business is business.  Keep buying. Dilute the sonofabitch. Ollie I want every orifice in his body flowing red.	He's flowing, Gordo. Piece of cake
Was? As in not anymore?	Yes
The most honest moment in a man's life is the five minutes after he's blown a load. That's a medical fact. And it's because you're no longer trying to get laid. You're actually thinking like a girl. They love that.	Jesus Christ you're right
Left behind?	When the Enterprise-B beamed us off the Lakul, we were partially in the Nexus. The transporters locked on to us, but somehow everyone left a part of themselves behind
Oh my God!	It's all right. It wasn't him but that spleen was a splitting image
Can we change the subject?	What're you doing at Glades
Well, then, you must come back and visit.	All right
I'd like to get in my two cents' worth.	Take the stand
Now calm yourself. Calm. What's the matter with you?	I'm leaving. I'm not working there anymore. I'm scared
I know.  I watched it.  I sort of know it by heart.	I don't like to give up
) Daryl Lindenmeyer was only here briefly, one semester at most. But he was singularly the most brilliant student I ever had in a classroom. He created programs so beautiful, so lyrical, they were almost like symphonies...	Can you tell us what's on the disc
You need something. It's not a reefer, but it'll help some.	Man, get outa my face. I ain't nobody's punk
Ms. Deane, you wanted to see me?	We have an emergency situation which requires somebody with expertise in criminal psychology. Under the authority vested in me by the President, I'm giving you temporary re—assignment
What's this?	The new Belle and Sebastian.  Like it
Thank you very much.	Well, if there is nothing more, I suppose we'll be leaving you now
I'm sorry. Detective Morelos.	Hey, did you guys find my stuff
Who are they?	Oh, just some friends
A dress you wear in the evening.	What do you wear in the morning
I was not in the man's face.  I was nego-...	...-tiatin'
Maybe. Some rituals used in Black Mass. Maybe.	And Dennings, you read how he died
Clarence, I gotta hand it to ya. You were cooler than cool.	I was dying. I thought for sure everyone could see it on my face
Oh.  Does that make you sad? Or anxious? I'm always anxious thinking I'm not living my life to the fullest, y'know? Taking advantage of every possibility? Just making sure that I'm not wasting one second of the little time I have.	I think about that
Martha, you have to make a decision on her sanity as quickly as possible and not interfere with due process of law.	No... no, excuse me Eve. As quickly as I see fit
Hm.  The wind's northwest.  That oughta be...Seattle.	Or I may be wrong.  The breeze could be gusting south.  That'd be Billings..
Anybody can see that.	You're wrong, Mr. Stone. There are people who live and die without e'er seeing it. They can't see the country for the money in their pockets -- And some think their state's the country, or the way they live is the country, and they're willing to split the country because of that. Well, I hope you'll meet all those, when you're grown. You'll meet the fire-eaters and the Circassian beauties -- that's part of the fair, to be sure. But if we'd had to depend on them, in a permanent way, the country would have stopped at the Allegheny mountains
Really?	He won't be looking for you.  Just be careful.  Buy a book.  Keep your sunglasses on
I'm afraid that drink will have to wait, Captain.	Do you have life support
She was always a bit thin in the hips...	Well, at the time she told me this, she already had six. Every time I saw the woman, she was either..
Sorry.	In any event, my feelings were hurt when I learned that he had fallen for someone else. Someone chaste... pure... innocent
What?	We're hungry.  You're going to cook
What happened to them?	I got big
Can't you use something else?	I might be able to find something on the ship. But it's gonna take time
You've just decided, is that right?	Yes
It's just that I have no experience, and no men to speak of. How can I--	Because you must! You and only you. Have you forgotten that it was you who freed Excalibur
What'cha got, Bennett?	Witnesses say some wacko went Judge hunting with a late model.  I got an artist working on a computer composite now
They can't because neither knows if the other is a deranged senseless killer like the Knoxs. So, you may as well make the first move.	And they made the first move
Who does?	Best not to ask.  Shouldn't even talk about it
Kalen, it's all right, I'm here --	They're here!  They're inside the house -- 
Won't they come out here?	I don't think so. One come out here once an' I clipped him from behin' with a fence stake. They ain't bothered since
Oh no, I don't think that would be a good idea.	Look, I know there's no going back for us.  That's not it.  I just want to make this up to you.  Clear my relationship karma.  And I know the area, I've got some cousins down there.  Please.  Let me do this for you.  Let this be my gift to you
Continue forward, sir?	Patience, Lt. . Patience
I'll have whatever she's having.	I don't want to be responsible for his food. Just a small green salad. And a Perrier
Can I see what you did so far?	It will only make you self-conscious.  You'll have to remove your shirt
Business.	What business
There's someone out there, Mack, I know, some man killing for the fun of it, sniffing human glue, without regard to age or sex, without predicable M.O. Someone who has a way to dispose of the bodies. You have access, you can call up local authorities, check morgues, conduct interviews. Be my man.	I already have an employer
Front page?	Top left, like you asked.  Today Wall Street.  Tomorrow, who knows...maybe Washington
"Of course.  That's the point.  ""I'm just happy to be here and hope I can help the ballclub."""	Jesus
Look Blair, maybe you're right about this.  But we've got to be rational. We've got to talk this over.  I'm unarmed and I'm coming in.	No, you're not!  I don't trust any of you
I'm sorry, Rob, but I'm struggling here.  I don't understand any part of this conversation.  You're asking me what I would think if you told me that you hadn't seen a film that you've seen.  What am I supposed to say?	Just listen to me.  If I said to you -
You gotta give me a day.  I need a day.  He's sick, get it out <u>now</u>.  Get him on the phone'n tell him how sick he is.  We got to get it out before the story breaks, so we aren't quote, responding to it. Issue is as a bulletin.  He's got some rare strain of...	It won't hold
Aah!	Aah
Hi.  Listen.  Could I steal you a second?	Absolutely
Oh, Ted, DUH.  I smile at everyone since I got my braces off.	So you'll think about it
I don't want you to!	We're not gonna do anything
Yeah.  He closed a deal.	Eight units.  Mountain View
Oh, you'd be surprised. They just don't have their doctorates, that's all.	Last I heard you were offered a posi- tion in the West somewhere. Tuscon was it
How did you get this gig?	My visual style is very erotic, sexy, how do you say - hot
Fuck that!  The last part's the best.  You dry-dive six stories and blammo!  Jack right into the Big Black.	I don't deal black-jack clips!  It's policy.  I got ethics here
What's happening?	Debbie's marrying Rick
I don’t know.	What does your gut say
I made my bones on the street, you know. I did Riglioni in his own house. I was made in the Family, okay.	And who bailed you out when a hit was put on you, you sorry sack of shit. Who put you up ? Who gave you a job 
...yes...	...and you don't remember. 'Cause you weren't around.  That's cold calling.  Walk up to the door.  I don't even know their name.  I'm selling something they don't even want.  You talk about soft sell... before we had a name for it...before we called it anything, we did it
This is a business trip!	She was wearing a white dress with a cute, black hat-- and carrying a bag with S. M. on it.  Funny--her name's not on the passenger list
But I don't know how --	You press a button, Norman.  It's not brain surgery.  Here, go ahead.  You only have 15 minutes to reset it.  Go on, Norman..
What?	Nothing. Let's get outa here
You're looking magnificent, Leon...  ...isn't he, General Savitzky?	Yes
Couple of cheeseburgers, no condiments...	No what
I knew it.  What does she know.  You want me to sing something?	That depends.  How do the Fu-Cang-Long usually kill their victims
Next stop...	Pizza Planet!  Yeah!!
You are fair as the first new flower of spring...	And sweet
The way to stop him is to make another movie.  And I swear to you I'll stay at my computer and keep writing until I finish the script.  But when that time comes...  You're gonna have to make a choice.	Choice?  What kind of choice
No.  I was busy.  Yes, I need the new poll fig.... <u>how</u> long?  I'll call in from Nashville.  And patch me through to the Big Bird, will...?  I've got to <u>hand</u> it to you.  <u>They</u> sure let us out of there easy....	...they just hadn't thought it through..
Four years. Girl, I'm surprised he didn't ask you to marry him.	That's the problem. He did
Hang on!	Hey
Aw, it's gotta be a typo--	GIVE ME THE GODDAMN PAGE!
Dr. Wigand. I am instructing you...  ...not to answer that question in accordance to the terms of the contractual obligations undertaken by you not to disclose any information about your work at the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company. And in accordance with the force and effect of the temporary restraining order that has been entered against you to by the court in the State of Kentucky! That means you don't talk!  Mr. Motley, we have rights, here...	Oh, you got rights and lefts! Ups and downs and middles! So what?! You don't get to instruct anything around here! This is not North Carolina, not South Carolina nor Kentucky. This is the sovereign State of Mississippi's proceeding. Wipe that smirk off your face! Dr. Wigand's deposition will be part of this record. And I'm going to take my witness' testimony! Whether the hell you like it or not!  Answer the question, Dr..
I don't know, Boss.	You don't know
Very nice.	I'm doing okay.  I gotta get ready for work
You don't respect me terribly much either, do you?	No, I don't
All right, what you want to do is go to the Free Clinic and tell the doctor that you have sex regularly -- several times a week -- and that you need Nornel One Plus Fifty's.	And they don't call my parents
Yeah.  Well, mostly.	I thought I was fucked up
It's the boy next door throwing at his birds. I'm just waiting on him to hit a pane in the window	I'm going to wash up now. You all please excuse me
How... When did you...	It must be tough being married to Adonis to end up sleeping alone every night. Sleep must be hard coming. What’s harder? The thought of the fine litter you two could have bred if? Or imagining what he does with his children
Sure -- certainly —- but what's that got to do with this?	That's what I don't understand -- why should it come here -- and why didn't it stay here? It's got trees and bushes here -- outside nothing but cement and asphalt
Randy, you dipshit!  Take these off!	Sorry, I'm working now.  You see, I have a job..
What's more interesting than boffing the girlscout?	Well, that's what we're <u>doing</u> here..
How do I look?	Not too good
Of course you should. C'mon, I'm already a million hours late.	...I better not..
Nothing to do, I'm afraid.  I'm just a librarian after all.  Wasn't exactly made for all this swashbuckling.  Very Byronic end, though.  I appreciate that.  Do you know Byron?	Vox..
Well, perfection can get wearing after whi...	I'm not joking.  I had to face up to all my competitive drives, and believe me, I've got 'em
ONE—TWO—THREE—FOUR—FIVE	Why, you bully. I believe you would
I-I, I'm sorry.  I know it's terrible.	Why, you know the situation
Just a walk, for Chrissakes.	Boy, we sure do have a lot of filthy small-minded people around here.  Wait a minute, I'll get my diaphragm and be right with you
Maybe.	Well, just relax, will ya.  You're makin' me nervous
Um... did you still want to read my novel?	Oh, yeah. Sure. Of course
Mmnn.	You're also an idiot
He never even asked. He just assumed --	He was right, wasn't he
No, thank you. I have my car.	Well then, I must be off.  We shall have to meet again
"There was this kid there saying, ""Go in there and save my father, mister."" And I'm thinking about my boy Joey and this goddamn fireman my wife's seeing. It was like I was supposed to save myself."	Yeah, and with me it was like I was supposed to pretend the shoe was mine
What?	Nothing. Good night
Why don't we accept, Animal? The worst that can happen is we wind up a couple of lamp shades.	Raus! Raus! All of you
His name is...	I'm not ever goin' to tell you to shut up again
I am planning to go out and do some work.	When
If you've already killed her that's fine.  I'll keep the bonds and the cash.  We got nothing to discuss.	Hold on
Well, if you put them on the list, they're already tits up.	What list
Nick --	Shut-up
You're damn right I do.	Okay, now what about your sidekick punching my favorite detective? What the hell is going on?  You got no discipline in your operation
I'm sorry, I can't.	Listen, dammit
- good.  Then if you manage to get hold of Ambrose, and obtain what he's got, you've got -  - 8 hours 57 minutes and twenty-three seconds to destroy the largest remaining source of Chimera on earth.	She sacrificed herself.
What?	When this cut was made, this person was already dead.  This is not Lady Van Tassel
Maybe if their particles just got a wee bit mixed...	Energize..
For the title	Ah, it's a grand title
Li Mu Bai!  The famous warrior? Why would he give his sword to Sir Te?	You're too young to understand
What do your friends call you?	Steph
Do you think I could borrow your limousine? I'll get it back to you in an hour.	It's OK. Just have him bring you to dinner at Mr. Chow's later. We'll be there
Well done, sir. Very neat.	That's what I think of it, Bingy
Don't DO that!!	Sorry
Maybe he's not out there, Bones. Maybe he's right here... in the human heart  Spock?	I was thinking of Sybok. I've lost a brother
You know, we're getting married.	Take me home, Diz
You're the one who's helping *me*, Homer. You're going to give my mom a little peace of mind while I'm gone. Candy, too.	Well, sure... that's good, then.  All I mean is, I'm lucky I met you
You ought to take up crap shooting. Talk about luck!	Luck! Whaddya mean, luck
We're all desperate for the money, doll.  That's what made this country great.  Back me up on this Candy, am I right?	Don't call me doll, Larry.  I hate it when you call me doll
I mean, I can stay a few more minutes.	Nah.  Don't sweat it
Tommy Reina. Good pal. Better partner.	From your mouth ta God's ear
Yes. Up here on the fifteenth floor. Goodnight.	Goodnight
We're explorers not diplomats!	"Starfleet's killed an awful lot of natural phenomena in the name of ""exploration"".."
Do you know where she lives?	Nah
I've heard of married couples who deliberately spend occasional nights in cheap hotels. They say it...	When you're married you can do a lot of things deliberately
Thanks.	I figured if I didn't save you. I'd have to give you mouth-to-mouth and that would have ruined my appetite
You didn't step on any mine.	I heard it click
Last week...	The car accident? Any of this ringing a bell
Did my brother Frank find out?	Your brother? What you talking about
I'm not positive... but... he knows.	So what do we do
The dishes are juiced up, too.	Thank God
Honey, have they offered you the job?	No, but I think they might
Okay... Okay. Nobody can beat you.	Ten grand! I mean, what other poolroom is there in the country where a guy can walk out with ten grand in one night? Jeez, you know, I can remember hustling an old man for a dime a game
Yeah, see, I'm kind of a night person, so I was wondering if it wasn't a terrible inconvenience if you could wait a bit before using power tools.	Oh, I'm sorry -
I can't imagine a fate worse than being dumb. Turn around.	To be deaf
Where is she?	She's...not here...she went out. She went out of town, she travels a lot
Sarek... I would have come to Vulcan... to express my deepest sympathies...	Spare me your human platitudes, Kirk. I have been to your Government. I have seen the Genesis information, and your own report
'Cause Harlin used to own it.	But he's dead
So it does business through a brain dead marine and runs the stock market for funding. That means Wintermute hired us to fry itself. It doesn't make sense.	Could be suicidal. It's not easy to kill yourself with all those hard wired defence programs
And are the police aware you dated the victim?	What are you saying? That I killed her or something
Down, Daphne!	How about the shape of that liquor cabinet
What do you suppose anybody wants? Money, money, money!	Listen, I told you I wasn't interested in that deal, didn't I
I think we're on the right track.	Who're you calling
No sign of the snowman.	Maybe he melted
Breeders typically destroy albino pups, so this animal is truly unique.	Nicole Labetzki.  Victim seven. Forensics found dog hair in her car, but they had a K-9 unit at the scene and never had it checked
All right.  How much for the week?	What
We're not giving up, Thelma.	Then let's not get caught
Right, sure thing.  But what about, like, appliances?  Like a little color portable?  Boom box?	Useless distractions
Yes, ma'am.	Good. Now if you'll just go along with Mister Washington, he'll see that you're properly oriented
No I probably wouldn't.	Not to bother you with trivia, but a psychiatrist in sunny California was thrown in jail for not telling the judge what he knew about a patient
I want a consensus, Bobby. Consensus. Either air strike or blockade. Something everyone'll stand by even if they don't like it. I need it by Saturday. Make it happen.	What if I can't
Looks like you're stuck with emotions for a while. How do you feel?	I am quite...preoccupied with concern about Geordi
No!  No!  I can't do this!	Normally dressed, you are a sore thumb, and you endanger us all.  While you are here, you will conduct yourself as a nun. Only I shall know who, and what, you truly are.  You will not disrupt the convent.  You will not influence the Sisters with your colorful street talk. You will draw no attention to yourself in any way
There! THAT'S a true Berserk.	I'm just building up to it, Dad
I'm not.	Yes you are.  I'm not just some reporter.  I don't just stick a microphone in your face.  You could give me something
Do you want some mustard with this?	No, thank you
We're letting them slide?	I want the treatment plant licenses to be top priority right now
You may laugh. Caviar and champagne may mean nothing to you, but to me -- they mean a great deal. You see, I'm ill and all of a sudden I got a fear of missing life. I don't want to miss life -- do you understand?	You are funny. You speak of life as if it were a train you wanted to catch
No problem.  Always glad to help -- and hug.	Hi, Egon
I want to knock her guard down. I mean there's a whole philosophy behind it. Having a virgin suck your dick, that's basic because there's nothing lost.	It's no big deal, right
Because I'm done.	This is crazy.  I can't trust you. You can't trust me.  How can we possibly help each other
A man-eater attacks and you're such a buffoon you almost forget to mention it?	Well, he got away, didn't he?  Riding a donkey not far from here when the lion sprang on them- donkey took the brunt of it- then suddenly the lion ran off
Kenny! What happened? They didn't let me up front, said the President was on the phone the whole time.	He was
What if we just fucked with 'em?	How
Well, is it?	Rather astonishingly so, yes. And particularly so in the case of Father Perrault himself. Do you know when he and the natives were finished building Shangri-La, he was 108 years old and still very active, in spite of only having one leg
She saved our lives.	For how long?  Face it, Lee, she's playing both sides
They ain't even no good. The only one can play is Randy Horsefeathers. He claims he's an Indian. His real name's Randy Collins and he works at the feed mill. He can at least play guitar.	He's no more an Indian than I am though. Anyhow, Doyle's gonna try and tease you and be mean to you to show off to his friends. Just like he does to Frank and me sometimes. You just ignore it. Or stay out here away from 'em if he'll let you. He's an okay guy till he gets drunk but tonight he'll get drunk. I guarantee it
Vermin...	Can I help you, Mrs. Argon
Well, my therapist knows me intimately.	You had sex with you therapist
You don't?  Listen to this woman in a man's world, a very violent world.	There are plenty of other suppliers in Mexico
Landon. I can't even do for myself.	But if you could, you would
No.	Get a girlfriend
During wartime the national suicide rate goes down.	Is that a fact? Well, that fits in right along with everything I've been saying. War is not all black
I'm not suffering, you know. I don't give a shit.	Good. That's good
I don't think it works if we're somebody else.  You know what I mean?  Gary and Celeste, Jesus, what do they know about anything?	It's your game.  I've never played this before
Listen, I don't want you to think I'm ungrateful --I know you and that little broker--what do you call him?	German
Well, I'm saying this, Shel: usually I take the contracts to the bank.  Last night I didn't.  How did you know that?  One night in a year I left a contract on my desk. Nobody knew that but you.  Now how did you know that?  You want to talk to me, you want to talk to someone else...because this is my job.  This is my job on the line, and you are going to talk to me.  Now how did you know that contract was on my desk?	You're so full of shit
Don't spend it all in one place.	I knew you'd come through. Jesse observes the transaction Booth and Earl start to leave
Don't listen to him, little sister. When you're proud of what you are, you don't refuse the label, understand?	Yes, Ma
Of course.	How much
You don't call.	But you said I shouldn't call if I wanted to give up on her
...we can make it.	You think we can make what?!  You see that truck?
But it's not worth more than fifteen.	Ninteen
Get in the bathroom!	Whatever we do - we fuck her, right
Hmmm?	...Freddie! What's the matter? You've been like this all evening
-- Late. Five minutes late.	Yes, I -
It was warm.  I was outside.  The ocean?	What about... now
I, uh... I was... attacked. Walked in on people robbing me. I was hospitalized. I almost died.	Let's do the small talk in the car. Load up
If my kids and my wife were always at an ex-husband's house, I'd worry.	He's not the type to worry
I've got a date with one of them at ten. Can you make it?	Yeah.  Ah, I don't want to panic you or anything, but, I mean, the way Hobbes designed them, they're supposed to get out of hand real quick, so you don't have much time to think about what's happening to you. Once they decide to start pumping all those dynamite juices into the old blood stream... I dunno. But if you see some people doing kind of compulsive, maybe even bizarre sexual things..
You know, when you gave him a beatin'.	Nothin'. Salvy was out of line. He was drunk or somethin', I dunno. Anyway, the windup was I gave him a beatin'. Tommy called me down, and we straightened it out. It's all forgotten about
I mean in show business.	Oh, in show business.  Well, let's put it this way, my next job will be my debut
Ah, Brenda ...  Mrs. Peel?	You should be dead.  How do you feel
Ah-ha. Favouritism. But I so want Mozart.	I'm sure there is a way, Majesty. Some kind of a little contest. I could perhaps put together a small Committee, and I could see to it naturally that it will select according to Your Majesty's wishes
By gosh, them stiffs are get- tin' heavier and more of 'em every day. They even got the coroner working overtime.	Yeah, between the gangsters and the autos, we won't need another war to carry off the population
You the Captain?	Yes
Stand DOWN, Mr. Scott. All stop. That's an order.	Aye, sir
One moment. Tonight I'll be selling those for more money than even I have ever dreamed of, and then, addio Casablanca! You know, Rick, I have many friends in Casablanca, but somehow, just because you despise me you're the only one I trust. Will you keep these for me? Please.	For how long
"Who wants to go tell the Anti-christ to take a ""time-out?"""	Talia, just because you happen to be Jewish, doesn't mean you can make fun of someone desecrating the Lord's body..
Materially or spiritually?	Either. Both
Maybe he's not quite as romantic as you are.	It doesn't matter. There is no exit visa for him
Yes.	There's no child here
To me? But why?	I cannot love as a woman the lady who will be wife to my King and my friend. And, in pledging my love to you, I cannot love any other woman
Okay, listen up. As you all know by now, we have an addition to our crew. Dr. Weir, this is: Starck, navigation; Smith, pilot, Justin, ship's engineer --	You can call him Baby-bear, he loves that..
Sorry, kid.  You got the gift but looks like you're waiting for something.	What
And hello to you, too.	I called a fellow I know in Tulsa, the one who plays my chauffeur. There's a sucker there he says is made for us. And a boroker that just shut down, we can use their office, not change a thing! Now, I can scrape up ten grand without much trouble. That leaves fifteen or twenty for your end. We could start this weekend, get the sucker into position -
I need everything on the Jonathan White case.	Yes, sir.  <u>Everything</u>
Who's ever going to want me? Nobody will.	That's not true
So, Mickey, tell us what you do for fun.	Aside from the obvious
You want to tell me about it?	". OK. It's a strange world, Sandy. this is what I have found out. What I think I have found out. Dorothy Vallens is married to a man named Don. they have a son. I think the son and the husband have been kidnapped by a man named Frank who has now cut off both of Don's ears. I think he is holding them to make her do things for him. I think she wants to die. the ears were for her a warning to stay alive. there is another man involved. I call him the ""yellow man"". you saw his back the other day in the hall at her door. I don't know what he does but I think he's on drugs supplied by Frank. Frank is a very dangerous man"
B-but I have them.	No!  That is NOT an audience!  That is PLASTER!  An audience is people made of flesh!  They -- live and breathe!  Got it?
Are you asking me if I’m gay for pay?	I guess so
Huh?	Nothing. Look, I'll write it down for you, okay
What about bowling?	Bowling died for me years ago. Besides, I'm a living dead legend. I'm a hero
Do you remember what Clemenceau once said about war?	I don't think so, sir
About the ballet.	Ballet? What ballet
She doesn't belong here, Sean.  Let her go.	She wouldn't  be here if it wasn't for you, Hunt.  from this moment you're responsible for what happens to her, and if you're looking out for her well-being, I suggest you advise her to pick up the gun and bring it to me.  Ball's in your court, Hunt.  What've you got to say? Nyah's waiting for your answer
I thought -- I thought he was dead.	Who
Well, I hope you’re not too heartbroken and...	Oh no. I’m all right. He was a jerk, really. Another boy, you know? All I meet is boys. When I think of all the fuss about older men fancying young girls. I mean, is it true
Maybe you married the wrong woman.	Watch your mouth
So come home and live rent free, 'stead of that cockroach palace you live in. $50,000 Jesus Christ, the world is off its rocker. I made $37,000 last year and you...	It's Queens, Dad and a 5% mortgage and you rent the top room--I gotta live in Manhattan to be a player, Dad. There's no nobility in poverty anymore, y'know. One day you're going to be proud of me, you'll see..
What is it with you? I know we've been playing games, but, we're supposed to be on the same side and we really need your help. I really need your help.	I'm sorry, I can't
And the fucking money!	And the fucking money.  And we know that this is your homework, Larry
Well...	I must go
You’re mad...	I’ve had a long and unpleasant day. I’m tired and I’m angry. But mad? Not yet.  I paid Leon’s boy a visit this morning. Found him alive and well. Why haven’t you told your husband where he is since reading my note, eh
How dare you...  You don’t know this tape belongs to my brother, do you, Mr Lombard?	The question now is whether or not your brother still owns anything, Mrs De Moraes
I predicted it.	How
I hear you.	What else?  What else do you hear right now
I'm in a group ... well ... there are four of us, we play and sing.	I bet you don't sound like real people
"She thinks terrible things that somehow got in her head...that I might have done something.  She said that to me last time...when it was...ten years ago she walked out the door, ""You touched me wrong..."" ""I know that."" Some crazy thought in her, in her head..."	Did you ever touch her
American?	Can't tell.  Pretty tall.  He's real scrunched up in that thing
Well, to begin with, I'm not a natural blonde.	It doesn't matter
Crabtree said it sounded like something James would be messed up in.	Crabtree? He doesn't even know James
No... right... this is RAPE... Mark you, I'm not saying I couldn't get to like you... in fact... well, to be quite honest, I prefer it when there's some sort of mutual feeling between two people...	What -- rape
He's telling the truth, up to a point.	What point
What'd they give you?  Thorazine?  How much?  Learn your drugs -- know your doses.	I need to make a telephone call
The ambulance is on the way, for what good it will do.	What? He's going to be all right
I'm sorry, your honor.	What
I want someone I can get close to. I don't know if that's possible with you.	You really haven't seen my best side
What's that?	They'll know about it in the morning
Some miss all their shots.	Somebody could have gotten hurt
If that ain't fate?... Hi, I'm Dave Caldwell.  I do the copy for the anchor on the evening news down here.	Evening News
Come now, Sam.  This is a gathering of old friends.  I know how difficult this must be for you -- a man of your upbringing and integrity -- but now that I'm in charge I felt it was only fair that you finally know the truth.  After all, you're the only one around here who's still in the dark, as it were.  This isn't the way I wanted to tell you, but you've really given me no other choice.	This is madness, Wynn
Damn right.  Instinct, man.  If you think too much, it doesn't work.  Just listen...	I'm not catching a melody
What?  What was that?  Something funny, Miss Swann? Share, please.	Nothing ... it's nothing.  Just ... I'm reminded of a song I learned as a child.  A song about pirates
We're very close.	What'd he steal
There's this native broad works in the laundry. I don't know if you've noticed.	There's only one worth noticing
Somebody else makes those decisions, not guys like you and me. You've done your job, X, head back to Prague. I'll be landing in 90 minutes. This is my operation now.	We don't have that kinda time, boss, I don't think Prague's gonna be around much longer. I've gotta go now. I've got a lot of bad guys to kill
You want me to spell it out? There's nothing here.	That's ridiculous. I've been coming here for years. Listen to me. I'm going out of my fucking mind here. I need to see him
Reynolds.	No
There you go, Mr. Brubaker.  Suite 610 in the East Wing.	May I use your pen
Brian.	Jennifer
Stella -- in economics, a kidney ailment has no relationship to the stock market. Absolutely none.	It crashed, didn't it
Jesus Christ.  Jesus fucking Christ.	Now do you see what I am saying
Couldn't make the last edition. It'd take me four hours to translate your story into English.	Oh, is that so
It's best not to get too close. Juliet's still not a hundred percent. Hello, Juliet! We've bought you some fruit.	Thank you so much
I'll tell you...the guy...with...just talk to me later about it, ok?	You talkin' to me about Ramada Inn
The point sounds fine.	All right, the point it is
I know where we could get the money. A lot more than one-hundred-fifty dollars.	Where
How long you been up, you need a nap.	Due in Nashville
September 4th, 1993.  About a year after Mary disappeared.	We were divorced by then.  Things fell apart... he was living with a friend..
You know what I want you to do? Get a couple of guys to dig a hole in the desert, then let 'em show you where it's at.	Angelo and Buster
Why?!	I mean, I know you're upset and all, but can't you just take a sedative
Jimmy, where do you find these people?	The Del Ammo Mall mostly
Who says I'm the one that called it off?	A brick house says you divorced him.  I'll put you on your honor. Bet you a hundred dollars against you join me for dinner.  And I'll take your word for it.  Now you tell me the truth.  Because you cannot lie to me.  What's your name
Why didn't you tell me the truth about him?	We weren't sure we could trust you
Yes, if you can get him free.	Alright, I'll see to it and things'll be just as they were, okay
Uh... Attention, attention! We're looking for that chick with the big boobs.	Heh heh. We wanna do her now
Yeah, show me, I want to see you do it. Pretend I'm Adolf. You're the maestro, and you have the baton in your right hand, but you give me the salute just the same.	Not here, Major, there are people, if anybody should see... please, please, Major..
Yippie! Wasn't that amazing?	It's some kind of energy field. We better record this
"One half bar of chocolate. One bunch of keys on white metal ring. One packet of cigarettes. Two plastic ball pens - one black, one red. One pocket comb - black plastic. One address book - imitation red leather. One ten penny piece. One white metal wristlet watch, ""Timawrist"" on a white metal expanding bracelet. Anything else in your pockets?"	No, sir
I'm going to look for him on my own. Fuck this.	We're all gonna fan out!  C'mon, let's do a sweep of the alleys 
What?	Did Marks close the front door?
So be here at three.	I'll do my best...that doesn't give me much time
What are we looking for?	Dilophosaurus
Thank you for accepting.	Thank you for inviting
The man dealing faro.  Who is he?	That's Wyatt Earp.  Made quite a Name for himself as a peace Officer in Kansas
Of course.  I am married still.	Yeah?  What's your husband do
Why not?	... he tried to... uh... make it with me
No. I saw her with Tod.	Do you know where she lives
Thank you, sir.	But not for me!  Though I like you well enough. You're a nice fellow. You're all right. But I'm sorry I don't need any valleys today
Well...listen, if you need any help, you know, back up, call me, OK?	Oh baby, don't worry, I'll call you. You can count on it
The one that goes into the woods--sure.	That road--and those Orinco trucks-- are the two main reasons it's there
Mmmm.	Is that the best you can do
What is this?	Security
Look at that!  Yeah!  Come and get Some, boy!	No..
C'mon, throw in a buck.	Uh-uh. I don't tip
What's going on?!	They've started the battle without me
Moreover...	Moreover..
I figured that out.	I think he means the Kennedy assassination
Cal knows who he is.  Did you notice how happy Joe was when the drugs came out tonight?	You weren't exactly horrified
I mean it. The car is yours. Dump Debbie.	Gee, guys, what should I do? The car or Debbie
I know. Why didn't you come to me? I mean, this is family, it ain't business. Meanwhile, you make calls back home. Sammy, it makes us look bad out here, you know what I mean? Back and forth, this one and that one, and, in the meantime, she's gone anyway. Am I right?	I don't know. What am I gonna do with this woman? I don't know...  She's drivin' me fuckin' crazy
But you studied psychology, right? You did the training and just never got the degree?	No... no training
What's the difference? Take my truck, take a rest -- stop worrying about Mel Gordon. Have you decided what to do with your old man's place -- he going to stay there?	Want to buy
The Institute ... the funding ...	A cover ... for us.  I'm sorry..
But, I don't know. I'm just scared that things would change. Between us.	What things? I'm telling you, nothing's going to change.  I want to make you happy. That's all
Last time you said that the renaissance happened.	Please, pop, just go back to your room
Jesus, I didn't say it was.	Well, it's not. You're not a lion in a pride!  These kids, acting like lions with their unplanned pregnancies and their Sunny Delights
Designer clothes.	She waits for you to go in the place where you try things on
I did what!	As a matter of fact, you came home without any clothes. You were in your - uh - shorts. Yes, sir
You can't. Do you know how many people I've brought into...the movement...?	Lina, come here
I pray thee, chde me not; whom I love now doth grace for grace and love for love allow; the other did not so.	O, she new well. Thy love read by rote and could not spell. Come, young waverer, come, go with me, In one respect I'll thy assistant be; for this alliance may so happy prove, to turn you household rachor to pure love
Give him an extra dollar.	Yes, sir
How's that? He works for Gillette.	We pay better
So I guess this fellow belongs to you.  What's his name?	Cat
Gee, I'll sit out this afternoon's coffee talk.  Whaddya want?	My best friend got pregnant
Oh, you read that.	Actually I wrote it.  It's a good sentence.  It can apply to people
Where is the Soho Grand?	Soho
What's so hot 'round town?	Take it easy, Frankie
Something else cold -- coke, water, some disgusting sugary drink pretending to have something to do with fruits of the forest?	Really, no
The one with red eyes was a Dark One, the other was a Cyclops, and it was not you he meant to kill.	He was aiming a huge spear right at me
What are you talking about?	Bastards killed Sam, you think they won't kill the rest of us
Zenovitch was about to deliver a list of names tonight – street chemists... the guys processing this P2P into speed.	So one of them got to him
No matter. There's nothing I can do about it.	Anything I can do about it
You're still here.	I didn't say I didn't enjoy it
Negative, on surface... A manufactured object.	There's only one thing it could be... Short range scan
It floated back up.  I had to take him out and --	NO
*Happy*! What are you thinkin'? How am I supposed to take care of a baby! I can't have a baby.	Rose, please listen. Whatever you want to do, I can help you
'President's Science Advisor' -- so what, you just spend all your time jetting around on Air Force One now...?	Now exactly.  It's... complicated
Thanks.	Now let's see you act your way out of this one
What do you mean?	For Treadstone. In Berlin. You know my file. I did a job here. When
Not that I'm in contact with.	Nobody to call in case of an emergency
I'm sorry you're frustrated.	Are you disrespecting this court, Mr. White
It's modern. It's up-to-date. It's state-of-the art.  People, I am in love with this machine.  Go ahead, Mr. White.	Where's the handle
To new worlds...	New worlds. Yes Data, brave new worlds..
Can I talk?	Typical male
Be quiet and listen.	I don't hear anything
You have a rather checkered past. Mr. Creasy. Your Interpol file is six pages long.	Am I a suspect
Doesn't count.  You gotta say the words.	This is stupid
A faerie's love makes anything possible.	I'm promised to another
Jesus. What are you doin?	I spose I'm drinking myself to sleep. It's Helena's Christmas songs .. they're really pretty .
Honey I don't have the time...	I need your help
"We've got to put that, into the Inaugural.  ""I have here, a ribbon.  You haven't seen it before, and you will not see it too often <u>now</u>.  For it is the Proud Possession of a few, a very few Men and Women... it is the Ribbon of the Albanian Campaign...."""	Wilfred, that's not bad
Curse?	What is it if it ain't a curse
Yes.	Welcome to hard times, Daddy
Okay... On what?	How about the pig-lizard
My father was an electrician. Already forgot that?	My father was a pilot.  And do I know how to fly
It really is.  Did you find anything?	Yeah.  Take a walk with me
I'm gonna quit.	What?!
It's bad enough picking on a straw man, but when you go around picking on poor little dogs --	Well, you didn't have to go and hit me, did you?  Is my nose bleeding
Well, you got the big gauge.	Wanna rag your fat mouth
You proud boy, why didn't you tell me you were having difficulties.	Okay.  We'll deduct it from my salary
Careful.  What's wrong?	Nothing
What? You don't think I can have a normal life?	Joey...look at me..
All right, I'm not ashamed of it! I split it two ways —	Half to the Delgado family and half to Clo-Clo's family
Then why don’t you reach him?	I don’t have your credentials, Nathalie
They won't be here till at least noon.  We got a few hours to kill.	So does he
Look, I don't know where Mr. Strader might be.  He comes and he goes.	The girl out front mentioned Strader's assistant, somebody named Watson.  Maybe he knows
What is that thing?	I think that thing is Ben
Perhaps he's visiting a guest.	No, I figure he stays here.  Where's your registration
That's bullshit and you know it! You built this fucking ship and all I've heard from you is bullshit!	What do you want me to say
No, of course, you don't want to talk about it.	It's about a man who gets a second chance
Around.	And Brenda
Weird, man. No fuckin' electricity. What do you figure they plug all their shit into?	They don't have any shit
I bade her come. God forbid! Juliet! Juliet! Juliet!	Madam, I am here. What is your will
Leaving what?	England.  There is nothing for me here anymore
Do <U>not</U> return scan, Mr. Spock! It may be misinterpreted as hostility!	Intruder scans emanate from the exact cloud center. Energy of a type entirely un- known to me
We're not gonna be stationed anywhere, baby. I DORed.	You what
Yeah well, it's been a bad day.	A bad day! You wanna hear a bad day? Yesterday my son was smashed over by a car and when my wife found out she collapsed on the floor. She had a minor heart attack. Partial paralysis. But I don't let myself get sad. No way. Not me. It's not good for the soul
I wasn't trying --	Is that bubble what I think it is
Another bridesmaid?	Flower girl
But wait! Sooze, I don't wanna fight. I'm so sorry.	What
I don't know.	Get the kids out
Twenty.	Look -
Really, do you think so, really?	Yeah
We figure you need all the tools you can get to fix up that piece of shit you call a house.	Yeah, that's true
Don't you see? The rest of the country looks upon New York like we're-we're left-wing Communist, Jewish, homosexual, pornographers. I think of us that way, sometimes, and I-I live here.	Max, if we lived in California, we could play outdoors every day, in the sun
Promise?	I promise
No -- never.	It had to get there somehow
That's *it*?	That's it
And how do you propose to accomplish that little feat, my friend?	That's between me an' myself. So why don't you boys just shove off. I got some planning to do
We're going to need it all.	Jesus Doug, they'll execute us
Yeah.	I want you and Anthony to go down there and take care of that bastard. Without him, they've got no case
"The one I got they wouldn't let me read.  It began, ""Ninotchka, my darling,"" and ended, ""Yours, Leon."""	I won't tell you what came between... I'll prove it. It will take a long time, Ninotchka... at least a lifetime
So what do you say? Can we be friends?	...okay
Are you all right?	Fine
No. I just got distracted. I'm so sorry.	Is everything fine
When?	When you were outside with Bill
Leave him alone, Peter. He's in love.	That true, Fergus? You in love
She's here - somewhere.	But if she's cloaked..
I promise not to run off to Cancun.	Forget it
You make me sick, you fuck. Once a fuckin' hooker, always a hooker.	Oh, fuck you! Fuck you, Sam Rothstein!  Fuck you
Are you kidding? I'm not going to tell them.	Well you have to tell them.  What if something happens? We're actors, not astronauts... We can't do this stuff
I'm thinking a gal could make a good living doing this. How hard could it be squeezing out some fourteen year old?	You like it
C'est bon, Monsieur.	Merci
I'm impressed. He knows a lot.	He's just repeating shit he overheard. He ain't any more a gun expert than I am
We made a mistake.  Let's not make it worse.	A mistake?  That was no mistake
Funny, huh?	What
Sure -- He can hit -- Don't play no more -- Stick an' move, hear?	I'll carry him 'till the third
Did the hotel manager speak to you about that place nearby?	Yes, she started to but I didn't feel like staying to listen to what she had to say. If we had to listen to everybody..
They're practically on us . . .	That Detroit shit?  I'm so worried
Please go away, Thel...I...I just have to be by myself for a little while...	Ted, I just heard..
Oh, yeah...	Yeah..
No.  Iced tea's fine.	Splendid
I hate boats.	It sounds nice
Well -- did you get it, Thorwald?	Who are you
Yeah... Like – stupid, ridiculous, crummy art.	Ohhh. That's new. That sounds good
Yeah, he can go ...	Think I'll lay down with him. Only way I'll get outta here
Leave the zone? What would I do on Earth?	You could do anything. You could sculpt mountain ranges...draw with rainbows! You'd have superpowers
You look all right now.	I am all right
I don't understand.  What does this have to do with...?  You carried a baby somewhere, it's unusual, but --	Not just a baby, Porthos.  I carried the child of the king
Well, I... As they say in your century -- I don't even have your phone number. How will I find you?	Don't worry. I'll find <u>you</u>.  See you around the galaxy..
Of course... that's settled then. But just you remember your promise...	We'll remember. But that's a long time off..
And congratulations on the birth of your son.	Thank you.  Maybe all of this will buy him some peace
Enough of that!  Name your terms.	Elizabeth goes free
Yes, I think so. My son is important to me. I want to like any girl he chooses.	And if you don't
You been on Prozac long?  Dexadrine?	...I don't...
With all of it?	Yes, you're sore at the world. Come on, now
Now get talkin'	I didn't fucking do anything! I swear to God
No...  It can't be.	What, hon
Mayol... Jacques Mayol.	That's the experiment?  Dumping a guy into a frozen lake
Why?	I saw the taped outtakes of the interview with the girl.  I know you 'acted' your reaction after the interview
I don't know what the fuck you're doin'. You're givin' us a ride.	What do I look like, Al Cowlins?  You want to take my car, drop her off
You took her because she helped me.	Yes.  Initiative and daring are not desirable traits in the Eloi.  But you should be happy for her.  She won't remember the creature she was.  She will... become
I told you, the government pays.  It's all taken care of.	No, you don't understand.  I <i>can't</i>
What for? To play Fats again?	Yeah, to play Fats again
...I've got to go home.	Do you really have to go
Remind me why.	Because it pays off
Send his bags up to my room.	Oh -- but -- I -
How 'bout if I just cut off your damn water?	I'm too moved by your gentility to speak
All right. Let me ask you something... are you happy like this?	I'm doing all right
At first they were going to charge me with manslaughter. That's partly why I was in custody so long. Sixty days.	Sixty days
Spencer's the key here. Frida is in no way associated with him. And her blood hasn't matched with any of the killings.	It's a bit farfetched that Mark would rip guys to shreds just outta jealousy. This makes no sense
OK.  OK.	Doctor, always try to do the right thing
I see.	It's called probing. It's a military procedure. You send a reconnaissance group, very small, to check out things. Not to engage, but to evaluate the situation. Evaluate the level of danger. Make sure things are all clear..
There they are!	Razor and Blade! They're flakes
You probably won't believe me.	Probably not
Laura, you have to deal with all of this.	I'm dealing with it, Doc. Big time. Maybe I'll make you a tape tomorrow. Goodnight
...paper?	I said it had poppies on the wall paper! Eh -- she's -- What's this?  Why, she's -- she's putting her hand on her heart -- she's -- she's dropping down on the...
This is a car. I think this is the best American car I've ever driven.	This is the only American car you've ever driven
Paul... Paul.... We'll have plenty of time to get into all this later.  A whole year, in fact. Right now I just need to finish my pie and get home.	Oh, okay.  Yeah, sorry
Better not get too close, master. This guy could kill you.	I suppose you're right.  Inga! Prepare a sedative, just in case
Correct.  Flash samples.  Flash cash.	Haitian, Dominican, Russian, Israeli
We also own the Franklin mint, which makes decorative hand-painted theme plates for collectors.  Some plates, like the Gone With The Wind series, have gone up in value as much as two-hundred and forty percent, but, as with any investment, there is some risk involved.	Gentlemen, I have a plan. It's called blackmail. The Royal Family of Britain are the wealthiest landowners in the world. Either the Royal Family pays us an exorbitant amount of money, or we make it look like Prince Charles, the heir to the throne, has had an affair outside of marriage and, therefore, they would have to divorce
Talk.  No tricks, no codes, no messages.  You haven't found us. It was a fake call.	Jessie, I reached the top of the Tower.  So far, no sign of anyone.  Looks like a phoney call. Over
What department store did they go to?	McIntire's
I thought it was appropiate.	Is that good or bad
It's enough isn't it?	What do you mean
Nice guy but a loser. Lost all his equity when his firm went belly up in the recession of 71. you wanna be coming in here in your late sixties still pitching? ... Whatever happened to that cute analyst at Thudder, Wicks? ... Cindy? Susan?	Cindy. Having sex with her is like reading the Wall Street Journal 'cept the Journal don't talk back. 'Sides this AIDS crap is ruining romance, nobody trusts anybody anymore, gotta get a blood test in the toilet before you leave a bar together, somebody oughtta invent an AIDS dipstick, no kidding, make a fortune. I gotta get to work... Z's today
Looks great.  It does.	You okay?  You seem a little off
He seems very nice. Is Harold interested in, eh, what's going on? I think it's such a super thing to study. And then, of course, I can always fall back on home ec.	Yes, that's good planning. Tell me, are you a regular, Candy, in this computer club
And how is your wife? Sarah, no?	I haven't seen her in months
Yes?	Having considered my position here at court, I have come to the conclusion that it is in the best interest of Your Majesty that I should resign
With cavalry -- not heavy, like the English, but light, fast horsemen, like you nobles employ -- we could outmaneuver their bowmen!	It is suicide
Then you know that if I give you a little advice, it'll be good advice.	Yeah —- sure
I think so	I'm sorry for leaving, but I mean, Jesus, Claire..
It's all this craziness! It's what we've been living since 99, when we left the Army. One of our brothers died in Grozny and we said the hell with this shit. What for? He dies for what? Politics? Who's politics? Not ours.	You wanna see my politics
What did you do to them?	It's not what you think
Easy Micheal.	He must take an open-field run to profitability through excessive debt large competitors and dwindling market share. Before the clock runs out
Well, it's George.	I thought you said things were great with George
Toss you for it.	I don't gamble
I never forget a face! I never forget any face, be God!	Leave me alone, brother. I've never seen you before. Tramp shouts to other Meths drinkers and Tramps
Hey, this is the company's posters, and the company won't like this.	How would you like to get a ticket next week? Haven't you any romance in you
No-o. You know, questions like that don't help your cause--	I still can't get over it. I still can't believe you're Catwoman.
You got a great mom. I'm lucky to get a zucchini stick.	Did you want one
Why don't I escape, that's what you were going to ask me, right?  'Cause I'd be crazy to escape!  I'm all taken care of, see?  I've sent out word.	What's that mean
Simple as that, eh?	Castle Couer de Noir built with magic... simple as death... strong as hate..
Alright. I'll think about it.	Good
Trevor if someone is talking from a sleep state they are obviously dreaming. So practically everything say is going to sound strange.	Did I ever talk about the accident
I heard.	It seemed appropriate
This little brother was terribly sweet. When he died, my mother was so sad. A lama said to her, before the little brother was laid out for burial, take a bit of butter and rub a spot on his skin. He will come back to you, you will see. So, my mother did this, and a few years later, a new boy was born.	Does he have the spot
Okay.	Better let the Doc take a look at you, after dinner
I'm concerned about the driver of the rig.	What rig
<u>People</u>?  Hell, <u>National</u> <u>Geographic</u>.	Sell the movie rights.  We're going straight from blue-collar to white -collar
That was a really shitty thing to do.	I'm sick of looking at her mother- fucking face
But you didn't tell me!	We didn't tell you what
Was it a military crash?	I don't know
I don't know.	I think that you're lying. I think you know exactly where the money is
It's been a long time.	Pull up a chair.  Oh, excuse me, this is my lady DOT
Yo, remember from the pool, that girl?	Which one
No one brought them here! No one wanted them here!	You could have told them
Matthew's my grandson.	A grandmother. God bless you
I need to ask you a question.  What made you get in touch with Joanne Braslow?	You know I can't talk about that
This time, Swana -- just this once -- I must ask you to listen.	All right, I'll listen
No such thing Bud - 'cept death and taxes. Not a good company anymore, no fundamentals. What's going on Bud? Do you know something?  Remember there're no short cuts son, quick buck artists come and go with every bull market but the steady players make it through the bear markets.  You're part of something here, Bud. The money you make for people creates science and research jobs. Don't sell that out.	You're right, Mr. Mannheim, but you gotta get to the big time first, then you can be a pillar and do good things
Simulations are supposed to give participants practice in realistic, dangerous scenarios while protecting them from the risks they are exposed to in the real world.	I was assured the problem was corrected
- and you felt just like that talking to Addison.	In a way. You find yourself trying to say what you mean, but somehow the words change - and they become his words - and suddenly you're not saying what you mean, but what he means
But you didn't.	No. Poetic justice, though
No.	When did it start
I've never heard of her. Maybe something else was on his mind.	No. I think she lived her a long time ago. Like twenty-eight years ago. When dad was eighteen
Don't go busting my balls. Okay?	Busting his balls?  If I was busting your balls, I'd send you home for your shine box
What's the suspect's name?	Earl
About an hour ago. In medical. I saw my son. He was lying on one of the examination tables and his legs were...	Isn't it possible that you were traumatized by finding the body on the bridge
That sounds so final. But are we really surprised?	I'm completely stunned. I don't want this to happen
The season of evil begins with the birth of the new year.  Bring me the child that I might live again.	Lord Vigo, the mother, Dana, is fine and strong.  I was wondering -- well, would it be possible -- if I bring the baby, could I have the woman
Why me?	We like you.  At least the computer at Langley likes you.  Pulled your file because of various factors.  Service record. Area familiarity
Oh my god. What happened?	A draw. What makes you think they're well mannered
What about Greg? What are you gonna tell him?	It's okay. We broke up
What are you? Her pimp? She said she might go get a drink first.	Well, I mean, she always answers her beeper
Are you trying to tell me Terry is too?	I'm not trying to tell you he's Little Lord Fauntleroy
I wish you would.	It isn't important
I can't.	She's dead isn't she
So you've done this before, huh?	Shit, yeah.  White Boy even got busted for it.  White Boy, tell these boys the reason you went down on that burglary that time
Was that okay? I mean, was I able to... satisfy you?	You are an animal
When they want your ass, won't nothing keep you out.	Not this boy... I ain't fighting their war. I got my own. Right chere. Heard tell you're a good man to know
I'm not scared.	Prove it
Carvel? Where's Carvel?	Outside Scranton
Every geek here's got a thing for Lisa. But that's about the biggest reaction she's had to anybody.	She's a programmer
This is Drake Bishop.	<i>Mr. Bishop... this is Claremont Williams. I own the Williams Brothers armored car service.</i
Gross, so this is Mark's flesh? When did you see him?	Um, he stopped by yesterday before you came over
My car, not yours. Yours is a complete wreck. The police dragged it to the pound behind the station.	Have you seen it
There's only one way to be positive.  I need to see some droppings.  I have to see the dinosaur's droppings.	You won't be able to miss them.  Can't miss them
I want you to know it's over. We're leaving and we're not Coming back.	Well... 'bye
... well, I just think she's got a lot of nerve showing up here. Draggin' that child and that poor animal all the way...  You eat with those fingers again and you know what'll happen!  Frank, don't you think she's got a nerve?	Oh hell, I don't know... According to Tom, she's a pretty determined woman. Must've thought it was worth it
Elaine.	Ted.  I don't know why you got on this flight.  I don't know what you're trying to prove
Going back, huh?	That's right
Just who is here, can you tell me?	Could I see Sofie, please
This is where we're going!	Yeah
And you're a big liar! I've got your ring here!	I must ask for that back
Don't just fuckin' sit there, dumbass. Do you understand?	What do you want
I don't suppose you'll ever tell her, will you?	She is very young -- I have an old habit of failure. It would be a bad habit to bring to a marriage
I love you in an evening gown.	It beats a surgical, doesn't it
What's going on, Jerry?	A lot.  We got a big fax today... we need this commission, buddy
Our first annual report, must be thirty-five years ago now, I owned two stations, I wrote down a state- ment of purpose, that one day you would wake up to a Parrish radio station, read a Parrish paper at breakfast, catch our news on tele- vision during the day, and go to bed with one of our books or magazines and you would always be told the truth and in the bargain, have a good time.	That's great!  Wait 'til I show it to Bontecou
Don't look like nothing.	Just banged my head.  It was an accident
Did your voice tell you to jump?	No..
A new pair of panty hose. Is it enough?	I don't want your money. You're a booger
This is something else.  They're curious.  Curiosity and religious fervor make a strange and explosive mixture.	I'm quite sure nothing will happen, Doctor
"My CPU is a neural-net processor... a learning computer.  But Skynet presets the switch to ""read-only"" when we are sent out alone."	Doesn't want you thinking too much, huh
Do you have anything smaller?	Yes, but I'm afraid this table has a hundred-dollar-minimum bet. Perhaps you'd be more comfortable at one of our lower stakes tables
What the fuck do you want from me?	I want to know.  I want to know exactly what you did to her
Eve?!	Scare me, why don't you?!!?  You stupid son of a bitch!!
The other one like you...	You lost me
Patch me through to him.	Justin
A raft.	A blimp
How is it looking, Mac?	I would recommend a maintenance crew in this sector
I said you're going to get a phone call.	Oh
Rain check me, partner.  I got something big going on tonight.	What?  That new mystery girl you've been seeing
I swear.	And you never even suspected? Never saw us behaving in any unusual way together
The question is, who are you? You are in the darkness, but it's not your fault. Elijah Muhammad can bring you into the light.	Elijah who
You've heard of me?	Well, everybody's been talking about that report you wrote
I can handle it --	You
South Bronx. The worst. I tried to ditch him, but he was already in the cab, so I had to take him. That's the law. Otherwise I would have picked you up.	That would have been quite a coincidence
Sorry, y'all. My bad.	Shorty, why don't you say grace
I'm sure they're around.	Yeah, I'm not so sure
You need to study?	Yeah
Paris is evacuated, sire.  The enemy is to enter at nine o'clock tomorrow morning.  The National Guard is on duty at the gates.	Paris has surrendered?!  I don't believe it
Ask me no questions, I'll tell you no lies.	Good answer.  Same goes double for me
Fuck you.  You wanted me out. I'm out.	I'm sorry
I don't let myself think about it, even-  - but I do know the part so well, and every bit of the staging, there'd be no need to break in a new girl-  - but suppose I had to go on one night? To an audience that came to see Margo Channing. No, I couldn't possibly...	Don't worry too much about that. Margo just doesn't miss performances. If she can walk, crawl or roll - she plays
I maintain an apartment in Venice, at your disposal.	Oh, well. That's good. Thank you
Well, if you don't mind me sayin' so, he sounds like a real asshole.	It's okay.  He is an asshole.  Most of the time I just let it slide
We check out the area and wait for a time when it's clear.	What about the blood
I know Steve.  No.	Then maybe you can tell me if he's as solid as you say, why does he rap me every chance he gets
I guess you're okay.	Thank you
That you feel that way about me.	You want to know -- Now -- ? Here? Red, white, whatever -- Guys are all the same
Not so... easily.  Why aren't you... fighting...?  go on... we're almost there...	Jeanne, you've been badly wounded..
It's okay. You're all right now.	They think I'm insane. Tell them I'm not, Indy. Please -- help me ..
I don't dance.	I don't trust a man who don't dance.  It ain't natural
Did it hurt?	What do you think, dumbshit
You call me with the target's route, I follow along until we've reached the attack point and then I run his squag ass off the road.	Which leads us to..
No. But the Boston Globe critic Jay Carr hated it.	A fucking moron
I'm a witness. I heard you threaten her life.	I thought I told you to keep out
Why?	Because we're going there
I plan to grow on you.	You're off to a late start
Ripley's plans.	Esatto. I'm always planning
Well, the basic ideas were frequently his-	You wrote Bill's scripts!  Jesus Christ, you wrote his – what about before that
Can you show us the way?	To Castle Couer de Noir
...What do you want me to do, Stephen? Talk to me. What am I supposed to do?	There's a fire. We've got a job here. Let's get on with it
Created?	You wouldn't understand.  We genetically engineered the Morlock class to serve our needs
He doesn't scare me. I'll kick his ass in.	Will you stay here for the night? You can leave in the morning. That's when my parents get back and -
Doesn't fit.	This is no random killing, no one shot deal. The UNSUB has killed before; he's good at it. So what do we have?  We have someone who has killed before who kills someone who kills: a serial killer of a serial killer -- and who wants the FBI to know he exists
What about Han?	I didn't know you had a price on your head.  Vader has given you to the bounty hunter
"My gosh, those Commies are brilliant! You've got to hand it to 'em!  ""No, we didn't drop any bombs!  Oh yes, our evil empire has collapsed!  Poor, poor us!""  I bet they've even asked the West for aid!  Right?!"	Uh, I think they have
What's it mean?	That somebody out there knows what it's like to be...  in here
Everyone at work heard you.	I just called for a second
Buddy, it's not your fault, and it's not your decision.	I'm not gonna let it happen Darien
He doesn't walk all over me.	I don't want to fight with you, Lucy.  Come on.  Let's give it one more try.  Dinner at my house, tomorrow night.  I'm cooking
Jim.	Yes, Spock
...Ginger's missing and she tied Amy up and she locked her in her room. I gotta find her. I don't know where the hell she is.	Yeah? Well, listen, Ginger's over here at the Leaning Tower with me
Where's Bruce?	Bruce? Oh -- er -- he went out to get the tickets
I should go	That last night in the palace... one boy showed us kindness and courage. You were the boy who saved our lives, weren't you?  Please, is there nothing I can do to repay you
I beg your pardon?	W.P. Mayhew? The writer
Not long.  We should arrive in the morning.  Are you going to be alright?	Me?  Of course
Waiting for Luis to call me. He said he'd call tonight. Oh don't be difficult, Patrick.	You should come have dinner with me. COURTNEY But-when
So tonight's the night. Are you two excited?	I'm giving Veronica her shot. Her first Remington Party. Blow it tonight girl and it's keggers with kids all next year
Right.	Well... it's more than we had ten minutes ago
Dad, how come you know the words?	Honey that song came out in 1968, when I was exactly your age
You think so, sir?	Sure. Be able to tell your children. Something for them to look up to. Be proud of
Shut up.	I didn't say a word
It’s a callable asset seized in accordance with the acquisition by-laws of your alt-fate contract...	What?
I'm -- I'm fine.	Thank God.  When we lost contact, I thought -- we thought... but you're okay.  We're still trying to determine the nature of the malfunction.  Did you notice anything at all that -
We're interested in where you were from the time you left the auditorium until you got there.	I was at the beach
I got trapped in Mrs. McKeltch's van -- and she went to the tunnel and went down there with them -- behind my house.  I saw them.	Where, Jimmy
What happened to her?	What do you mean?  She's not here
Did you think they were newlyweds?	I didn't notice them
I'll wait for your call.	We better get started to your house, because the buses only run about one an hour now
And, what about us?	I'm here with you.  Can't that be enough for now
What did he say?	I don't know, man. He's a fucking character
It's not that simple. You have to be careful. There's another guy that comes along, a hard-on you owe some money to. A mob guy. Wants to take you out anyway, on account of a past situation.	Okay. I'm listening
No thanks, Mum. It'll pass in a minute...  ... What have you done with all my own personal things?	Well. That was all took away, son, by the Police. New regulation about compensation for the victim
Everybody got upset. They had a meeting. Momma started crying.  I don't draw like that anymore.	How do you draw now
You know what I mean. You're keeping her there against her will.	I am not
Adelle told me, your writing is going well.  The Crusader for social issues and all.	You were right.  From the heart is always better
What happened?	Weir. He used one of the explosives from the Corridor
Uh...maybe?	"'Cause I will Jerry Springer you faster than you can say ""Fat-assed lesbian!"
Fine.  Fine.  But can you tell us anything about it?	It was part of a job-lot.  Some loony- bin they shut down.  Unclaimed stuff
Linda. That girl looks just like Pat Benatar.	I know
Too late anyway. Today's escapade was only for starters. This is no ordinary weather. It's manmade. A kind of weather bomb.	Impossible
You look like Madeleine, now. Go up the stairs.	No
What's it to you?	I don't want no dirty money.  I run an honest business
Don't bother, I can take it up myself...	Please..
No -- it's not that. It's...I'm just a little on edge. I'm really sorry.	Hey, you don't have to appologize to me. I'm the one. I understand.  I'm going to take a walk and dry off
Look. it can wait till Sunday.	Call tomorrow. It's okay. Good luck. I hope you can sneak out okay. You're going to wait until she's asleep
Ya hope I don't keep acting like a whore or I'll turn into one, right?	Ya, somethin' like that
Yeah, I reckon they did. Hit like to tore me up when I read about that pore little cripple boy.	Yeah, me too.  That was nice of that woman to give you them flowers
You have to bring this up now? What? Did I do something here? Is that it? Is it something I did?	I wasn't accusing you, Ben. It's just that we've got to be honest. Not just with ourselves, but with the children
Right, but -- I'm sorry, I don't see why you were corresponding with PG&E about it in the first place.	Well, they paid for the doctor's visit
You know?	Yeah. Do me a favor
Aw, get going!	Yes, sir
Yeah, it's a real problem for me, Sailor, you know? When I went in that drugstore by the restaurant in Biloxi? I saw 'em by the register and the girl throw 'em in. I'm not big on resistin'. So what about a leech?	Heard on the radio how doctors is usin' leeches again, just in old times. You know, when even barbers used 'em
Yes.	Prettier than Ann
Your old man thinks I did it, don't he?	He doesn't know you.  Couldn't you change
Quit feeling sorry for yourself, Tom. It gets old.	No. You know what gets old? Being reminded what a loser you are every time you screw up
Aha! Always got time to argue money, huh...?	All right
He translated it wrong.	What
Dinner's in the oven.	Thank you.  Goodnight
Beavis. This is what it's all about.	Heh heh. Yeah
It's divine!	You say that just to flatter me
The things you own, they end up owning you.	Don't I
The zoo? Is he rational?	Yes, he is. He's very excited and confused, but he's not crazy, if that's what you mean
From now on you just shut up and do as you're told.	If I hadn't killed Beynon., you would have
Writing a book about it gives you an alibi for not killing him.	Yes it does, doesn't it
HUH?	I think I've talked about this enough. I don't know how far I can go, Ben. I don't know if I can prosecute or not, but I think maybe I can. In the light of what's happened I think maybe I can get you behind bars if you ever look at my daughter again. I have seen Elaine and I have spent the afternoon taking steps to insure..
Oh, I don't know.  You have to get to know him.  He doesn't say much but when he does you know he means it.  He's sincere.	Well, that's the main thing--don't you think so
Well, I admire your optimism, and I just wondered if it was regional. You ever see any movie stars?	I know a couple
I didn't have to stop anything, 'cause nobody was going to do nothing.  We're in this together, understand?	Yeah, I understand.  Wes doesn't want to come along in the first place, but he gets a third of the find.  That's a sweet deal
This was taken when Richter was arrested in Washington state, 1985. He was charged with interstate arms trafficking, skipped bail, and has since been a fugitive.	Chemco is willing to deal with him, meet his demands.  I can have the money there in an hour
I'm nearly out.	It's taken care of, babe. You and I are going to make a big score tonight.  This will tide you over
Sure.	"My name is Henry Krinkle -- that's with a ""K."" K-R-I-N-K-L-E. I live at 13 1/2 Hopper Avenue, Fair Lawn, New Jersey. Zip code 07410.  Got that"
She got it, Bob.  A nineteen-year-old college kid ...	What
No, I wasn't, actually.	You should know I never felt Mr. Birdson needed anything but professional psychiatric care.  And then, minutes after they left, he suffered a stroke. He's comatose.  No brain wave activity at all
Glooph is not a letter, sir.	Damn, you are good. I tried to trick you. Okay, put these in order
Against...who could be aggressor....Help me out here...Units of 303, the Defense Department confirms, early this morning, Albanian Time, stormed a mountain hideaway, near the city of -- help me out here -- and freed a tired, but happy William Schumann, Suffering no casualties.  His condition is reported as Guarded, and his route to the US has not been disclosed, but a high White House source confirms he is expected in Washington tomorrow morning...no, that's for the wire service.  Moss's working on Big Bird's Inaugural.  Nine A.M...?  Nine?  Miss the commuters, but...	...we'll gettim in their cars
I'm sure we all agree with our esteemed colleague.  Now, Mr. Corleone, you have been advised as to your legal rights.  We have had testimony from a preceding witness who states you are head of the most powerful Mafia family in this country.  Are you?	No
You're some catch Lloyd.	Hey, you hear about the chick that came in today? Said some chick bit her at Victoria's Secret. Bitches are outta control these days
You don't get around us that easy!	Not nohow
We're going over to this bar if you feel like going.	No. I'm going to swim. I'll see you later
That's too bad.	I'm O.K. It didn't hurt much
And what did you do tonight, honey?	I fucked her! Okay? I fucked her. I'm sorry. But that's what the hell I did
That's it? I mean, you don't want to order room service or anything? We could play games and watch movies and stuff.	Are you kidding? Mom and Dad discover I'm gone and I'll be doing hard time
When they've got your recruiting technique?  Not a thing.	Oh.  Well..this isn't exactly by the book
What you doing, Jimmy?	I'm not sure
Never?	I'd hoped I'd never have to. Just open your mouth and stick out your tongue
But where are we going, Mr. Crandall?	You'll see soon enough, hon
Are you going in?	No, she'll only reject me in the end and I'll be frustrated
She's absolutely r...	I'm not a <u>child</u>... I have <u>feelings</u>... Don't you...don't, don't...don't..
Beaumont Livingston.	Livingston, huh
Is your room just down the hall? ... in case I get frightened during the night?	Yes, but... I thought, perhaps tonight, under the circumstances, I might... stay here with you
Girl, lemme ask you somethin' and I want you t'tell me straight up, since I got my suspicions and y'know I ain't one t'talk circles... you gay?	What!
Come, come, sir.  I am a man who would rather be known as a cuckold than a fool.	I think, Sir William Cosgrove, you have had too much drink.  Your chaplin, Mr. Hunt, has introduced me into the company of your lady to advise me on a religious matter, of which she is a considerable expert
Hey, I tried to get her off the phone.	You know what I'm talking about
That's better than gold when it's cold.	"Thank you.  Tell me -- what do those words mean? ""Beloved husband""... ""Beloved son""... ""Beloved wife"".."
Are you attracted to me?	Yes
Don't tell me what to do!	Shhh
He hasn't done Bundy.  He's done every one of the others, hasn't he? If there are three dead Chi Omega college girls tomorrow, how will you feel?  Go there.  See if there could be any way for him to escape.	This has been the worst 48 hours of my life.  I'm going home.  I'm going to try to get drunk
Jud, this is crazy. It's going to be almost dark before we get back.	It's going to be dark before we even get where we're going, Louis. But we can do it...and we're going to
Why don 't the Zulus attack?	Zulu may not wear shoes or trousers and the like but it don 't mean to say they got no brains. They'll watch us  and wait  and find our weaknesses
Yes.	That you are under no obligation to me
How much gold has the master of the Yengeese?	The King? The King has mountains of gold
Didn't like it, did ya?	No, I didn't
What do you want to do now?	I wanna go home
So, once she signs those papers, she'll be the only person to have total access to the box?  No one else, including myself?	That's right
Harrington.	I'm so sorry... Harrington. Won't you sit down
Gordon would not have sent us to Deer Meadow without thinking it was a high priority situation.	It must be a high priority situation
You remind me of your father. He always screamed for a photo album even though he never had one.	Photos
I said you are fine, he should leave you the hell alone.	I'm a forensic specialist, Molly. You've seen my diploma?  I got a diploma and everything
Hey, Kip ...	Hello, Memphis -
Excuse me, sir. There's been a little problem in the cockpit and I was wondering...	The cockpit? What is it
GOT IT?	Okay, real good, then
Did you bleed?	I didn't bleed
What are we gonna do?	I can run. I got no problem with that
I won't wait until Tuesday.  I'll break your arms right now.	Listen...I'm a guest here
You, I would've noticed.	Oh no, you were too busy trying to keep some Croatian from slapping the shit out of his girlfriend. She showed her gratitude by almost taking your eye out with her spiked heel
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA.	You need not worry...Not just now, anyway
Do you remember anything else? What I was wearing? Was I standing close to him? Was I leaning against his car like I owned it? How did he look at me when I giggled? Tell me everything.	You were in red. That red sweater with the little flowers, I think. You were leaning against his car.  He looked a little like a kid. Kind of goofy and wide-eyed. I'd never seen him look like that before. Happy. You looked beautiful. You looked in love
Fools!	I wouldn't mind doing Janet one or two favours
Yeah, sure.	Promise
Come on, Cohaagen!  You got what you want.  Give these people air!	My friend, five minutes from now, you won't give a shit about the people.  Fire it up, Doc
Consuelo. Are you crying?	No
I need help all right.  They're coming after me.	First, it's important that you surrender to them instead of them catching you running.  Okay
That wasn't me.	Was it Sister Marguerite
No...	...I'm not the psycho
Why would Mrs. Redi lie to me?	"That's what I tried to find out.	I went to La Jeunesse ——  -- used a phony health inspector's badge —— they let me go through the works -- all but one room. That room was locked. I'd like to see the inside of that room"
He means that much to you...?	"Yes.  With your ""prestige"" it only takes a minute - ten cents worth of American Tel and Tel"
Right.  Sit up so I can see you.	Uh uh, don't want <u>them</u> to see me
I didn't say I remembered killing him. I just repeated some words to get myself back in there.	I know. [Beat] I knew that when you came out
Did anyone else know about the baby?	I can't tell you that
Don't make me take them away from you.	Hey, there's Wilkins
Why not?	He's my brother
You want something, darling?	I wouldn't mind another B.E.E.R
I've waited my whole life for this job, but I don't have a shot in hell of getting it.  Do you know why?	Is it because of the hookers, sir?  You tell them there's no crime in being lonely
You've never been sick?	I don't know for sure.  ...I don't think so
Well, fine, fine.  Fiddle da dee.  And how's it working?	Like... clockwork
I greased the rails for a guy who wanted to say yes. I helped him to say yes. Alright. You're not a robot, Jeff! That's all. You got a mind of your own, don't you?	"""Up to you, Jeffrey. That's the power you have, Jeffrey. Vital insider information the American public need to know."" Lowell Bergman, the hot show who never met a source he couldn't turn around"
Why did you come by?	I had some papers to pick up
You mean she got a bad batch?	"That's what happened. In fact, when she died, it was considered to be the happiest time of her life. She'd been fucked over so much by men she didn't trust them. She was havin' this relationship with this guy and he asked her to marry him. Now, other people had asked to marry her before, but she couldn't be sure whether they really loved her or were just after her money. So, she said no. And the guy says, ""Look, I really love you, and I wanna prove it. So have your lawyers draw up a paper that says no matter what happens, I can never get any of your money, and I'll sign it."" So she did, and he asked her, and she said yes. And once they were engaged he told her a secret about himself that she never knew: he was a millionaire"
Thing we can lift it?	Maybe.  Don't mush it
So what?	Miles is different. He's still so idealistic
You wonít regret this, sir.	Fine
It's amazing.  You commit this incredible breach of ethics and you act as if I'm nitpicking.  Try and get this.  When you edited that...	I'm leaving now.  Gate 43
Go ahead. Ask me anything you want.	I didn't mean nothing
Prison was horrible but it was his home.  He's been torn from it by strangers.  He's frightened, exhausted -- and the mask is familiar.  Let him rest in it tonight, and remove it tomorrow.	Excellent, Athos.  You have a keen sense of this man
What's with you guys?	Someone needs to grow up.  I won't take it, Jack
C'mon, Norman!	I'm trying to keep balance with -
Stop it!	Witches. Rowan.  that is what we are
I delivered it.	Can I forget it
Accused.  Not indicted.  He resigned the firm.  Divorced nineteen seventy.  Galvin worked with Michael Morrissey until Morrissey retired in 'seventy-eight.  Since then he's been on his own.  Four cases before the Circuit Court.  He lost them all.  He drinks.	Four cases in three years ..
Felicia's really interested in the shop, isn't she?	Oh yeah
Yeah.	Hey that's great, Farmer, just great
Thank you. Thank you so much.	Yes--thanks. I'm Louis Creed
No, screw that.  What you were saying before, it's absolutely right.  -- I'd love to have you stay.	You're sure
No! Dad, get your stuff. We've got to get out of here.	Well, I am sorry about your head, though. But I thought you were one of them
I don't think you should...	With what just happened upstairs -
Um, uh, butt... um, hole. Butt-hole...	Uh... dill, um, face..
Like they're made of polyester.	I like them.  I was sick of looking at this room.  I think they add a little life
Huh?	She always tries to be proper
You've either got it or you don't.  Let your conscience be your guide?	Something like that
They're nervous, sire.	Then we'd best leave them here and carry on on foot
But my sleeping is really fucked up.	I don't think I've slept in a year
You're right. You know I was thinking that we should have Maxine over for dinner. Since you two are partners and all. It might be a nice gesture.	I don't know. There's some tension between us. I'd hate to expose you to that
Ordell pick up his bond?	Same as you. Ten thousand
Uh... at least fifty.	In your dreams! See you tonight
Please.	Thank you for seeing me.  I hear your wedding day is near.  You must be overwhelmed by the preparations
I've spent my whole life waiting to find you ...	And we have found each other nothing will ever change that! I am your family, dear child, but I may not be your home
Stacy, did Fredrica ever mention a man named Jamie Gumb? Or John Grant?  Do you think she could've had a friend you didn't know about?	No way. She had a guy, I'da known, believe me. Sewing was her life, she was really great at it. Poor Freddie
Don't stop.	Stop what
How many times in your <u>life</u> do you get a speech like that?	Yeah
How's the bottle?	Half-full
Sure!  I robbed the office.  Sure.	What'd you do with the leads?  You want to go in there?  I tell him what I know, he's going to dig up something...You got an alibi last night?  You better have one. What did you do with the leads?  If you tell me what you did with the leads, we can talk
Hey, any lock can be picked.  So what's he up to?	I'm sure we'll find out soon enough
Has David Kessler anything to say concerning the attack on the moors?	Why don't we ask him
Yeah, give him another one. And I'll take a cup of coffee while you're at it.	Hot coffee or iced coffee
Books, records, films -- these things matter.  Call me shallow but it's the damn truth, and by this measure I was having one of the best dates of my life.	Yeah, but you know what's his best film and nobody's even seen it
Are you frightened?	Yes
Ahhh.  And is there -- a doll?	Only she won't never let me play with it
Date?	Yeah
And what qualities are those? Intelligence or stupidity?	I'm sure I don't know, Freddie
Your Ranger's on the garbage pile, Happy! He's done for!	Shut up! You've *got* the man pilloried! Do you have to dance around him like a cannibal--
Okay, I get it.	Oh!  And then this one time?  At band camp?  I stuck a flute in my pussy
And no way of knowing if Reliant is still in the area...	Affirmative, Admiral
I checked the drift just before he blasted. It was all clear ... The man must have been asleep or something.	You weren't even there. You were back at the station. Kalinsky told me ..
We'll walk.  And if we have to, we'll starve.	There you go with that we again
I don't want to go back.	This is not worth eight pounds, Mrs. Clifton
Okay, but just tell him this is one favor I can't give.  But he should try me again on anything else.	He never asks a second favor when he has been refused the first. Understood
Stand down your weapons.	Captain, if -
And you? It must've been an ordeal.	I'm not the first man God has asked to shed blood in His name. I will not be the last
Your father gave them to both of you.	And he's right over there by the way.  What did you do to your face
So uh ... Maybe we could uh ...	Cool
Is that how you think of yourself?	What, as a sales rep
Why do you call him that?	Sylvan made it up. It's a blow job thing
Actually, it's very admirable, the way she works. She'll probably be enormously successful, because she's attractive as well, not that that's so important in music, but...	You're attractive, Tita. If you just did a little more with yourself..
Two more nights in this lunar cycle.	Double merde
You know.	No, he didn't make me touch it
I wish to see my mother.	She's busy
You have three minutes to tell me what you're doing here before I feed you to a few of my more predacious plants.	I'm... not... a... killer
Then I'm here till I die?	Till they kill you. Yeah
I can't....	Yes you can...
What are we going to do?	Give him the money
Or what? You'll wound me? I can blow you in half and you know it.	I've never wounded anything in my life. I got you locked right between the eyes
It's too late.  All the contracts have been signed, they're almost ready to shoot.	I'll make him an offer he can't refuse
You're a teacher.	Brodski I'll talk slow so you can understand me. She's thawing. If we don't get her to the lab, she'll die, and that will be on your bald fucking head
I'm so glad you're safe. You look really wonderful.	I'm in love. For the first time. It's funny, but when it happens to you, there's no question
You see?  You see?  I have to get out of here   I have to make a phone call. Don't you get  it?  I'm in a convent! You're a nun!	Sit down
You’re out of your mind. What’s the idea?	Maybe the thought of people like you going on holiday bothers me. Come on, let’s go..
How could you not *care* about the movie?	You just cuddle. You come to hug... to kiss. You don't *come* here to watch the movie
The insurance Company would be a lot happier if you slept in your bed, not the wheelchair.	How did you know
Fuck you.	We already played that game. You lost, remember
You gotta go, R.L.. I ain't foolin' this time.	You sayin' that gun's for me if I don't
starts to cut up a slice of bacon and offers it to Pauline.	You may have forgotten that you were once a very sick little girl, but I haven't
How was your plane ride?	The waitresses were very nice.  My mother is slipping away
Mountain View.  Eight units.	Fuckin' cop's got no right talk to me that way.  I didn't rob the place..
Not even of dying?	No
I don't mean braze.	I didn't say braze
One moment, please...  I'm afraid, I have no one by that name registered, sir.	D'accord...  Merci.  Un moment -- un moment -
What's through here?	No!  Please leave
Of course.  Mrs. Tasker.  And what were you going with the international terrorist, Carlos the Jackal?  Taking dictation?	He said he was an American agent
I like you.	I'm so glad.  You know, I recognize that passage in your book.  The bit about us running into each other in the movie theatre
Why are you here?	I was sent by his majesty of Spain to Inverness as a con- sultant on matters of metal
TATUM!	Oh, Sidney. WHAT? A guy can talk tits til he's dead but the minute you mention an eight inch weenie. Watch out
Are you having boy trouble? I gotta be honest; I don't much approve of you dating in your condition, 'cause... well, that's kind of messed up.	Dad, no
One way, or round trip?	One way
My life has been chock full of people with complications and weak- nesses.  I can't stand it.  But you're different.  It's in your hands.  A clarity.	You are a very perceptive young woman
Bravo.	Aw, you're tough
Hello... send him up.	Who's that
Oh, stop it! He's dead. You killed him. Now, get over it. We gotta think here.	They never found the body
I've been doing my homework.	Just like old times
Bet you're pretty handy around the house... Can you cook?	We're pushing oxygen today
We've learnt about life as Truman has and, despite the complaints of a minority, it's been an overwhelmingly positive experience, for Truman and for the viewing public.	"Let's take another call.  London, England, you're on ""Tru Talk."
You're going high-cheese, dude --	Unlock your button ..
It's Christmas Eve, Jack.	So we'll get egg nog
The bald man! The one who tried to kill me?	The way you describe him doesn't really do him justice
Next time, remind me to do this out in the yard.	Yes, of course, it was foolish of me
We'll die if we stay here!	You'll die if you leave here
You were a soldier, and then a gladiator, weren't you?	Was I
We said 48 hours.	That's a long time to be in jail
Oh Hudson, I was worried you weren't going to drop by....	I never break a date.  Scout's honor
Ju-just stay away from her. It's none of your business, okay? There are certain things you don't do, and you know that.	It's none of my business
Wannabee nigger...	Fuck you! My mother was Apache
Leia... do you remember your mother? Your real mother?	Just a little bit. She died when I was very young
Stop it!	Please, Nicholas, let me show you..
Daniel Burdon, please.  Karen Sisco.	Excuse me, Adele
You like kids.	I can't have a baby with a man I don't love... And I can't submit a child to divorce
Why not Take the doctor's advice? You're the hero of the battle of Corphon.	Hero
What are you doing this for, Sanchez?	If you were set up, I want to find out who did it
Lost my eyes in Vyee-et-nam.  Lost them fighting the commies.  Fought the war and lost my eyes fightin' the commies just so you can come around here and make fun of me.	I said I was sorry
Gee, I haven't laughed like that since -- since --  I really can't remember when.	Me neither..
I got it. I just don't got it on me.	Well, come back when you do, and I'll bond out the stewardess
Tell me --  -- is that car parked all right?	Oh yes. That's fine
No.  But you're close.	A rooster
Gawd...you're...beautiful...	You're not a woman
Uncle Matthew...this is Dr. Clayton Forrester.  My uncle - Dr. Matthew Collins, pastor of the Community Church.	Well-l...how do you do, Dr. Forrester
No.  Not yet.	Do it.  If that's what all this carnage is about, then do it.  Have enough guts to do it
Where?	Harvard, Bellevue, John Hopkins
Shall we go into the living room?	Yes
You ain't like that no more.	Hell, no. I'm just a fella now. Ain't no different from anyone else no more
Coffee?	Sure
-- yes, honey, you've got to get out of here.	Why
Captain, could you please explain the math of this mission to me?	Sure, what do you want to know
You did.	You drive away business roarin' in like that
Sorry we didn't do better, Jack. I feel like I let you down.	Naw, you didn't let me down.  It was a long shot all the way.  We gave 'em a good run at it
Bruno called. In Europe, people are saying you're gonna die from drugs. They think they can cash in on your death.	When I was poor, everybody doubted I could make it. When I got rich, everyone said, `yeah, but he'll never keep it up.' Now everyone says `he's killing himself.' So I clean up, and then they say `Look. His art's dead.' I don't take drugs, anyway. I'm healthy now
It is only important what you are. An adulterer...	I am the Lord's voice in this town
That's part of the reason I dropped by. I need to learn this stuff.	The other reason
Hi Walter...	What are you doing here so early
I've remembered something else...	Yeah
Excuse me?  Could I say something?	Of course
Frankie kept them in the same apartment: it cut his travel-time.	Then maybe Arlyn Page knew the Dumper too
It'll be a first class-ticket. I'm sure you'll enjoy the ride. I would recommend staying down there at least a year, Mr. Nugent.	You've certainly thought this out, haven't you
What is it?	Stay back
Another collateral.	What
What are you doing?	Well, it's a five minute walk or a thirty second drive
That's a suitcase?	A Mark Cross overnight case, anyway. Compact, but ample enough
You mentioned that in your letters	I always thought you'd follow me up
Then why were you at her house?!  She didn't want anything to do with you.	She asked me to come over.  She said she had something to tell me
What did it do to you?	Look..
Money.	Money?  Well, I'm glad to hear somebody admit it. Do you suppose you could write a radio speech that would put that fellow over
Huh. I guess they'll tack on fifty years for me too.	Boys, we was chained together. I hadda tell ya somethin'. Bustin' out alone was not a option
They won't let it out. Not Hearst. Not the other studio heads--	You wrote the damn thing, Mank Aren't you going to fight for it?
The quicker the better. Well -- I finally got out what I came in to tell you.  So long, Walter, and better luck next time.	I wish you everything I couldn't give you, Hildy
I didn't want to leave things the way we did.  Not this time.	Wait.  I want to tell you something
May-I be frank, Counselor? I suspect your political power as much as I respect it. I don't know why Mr. Kint has so many faceless allies in City Hall, and I don't care. The embarrassment he helped cause the city of New York will not happen here.	Immunity
It's a rhino.	Is it dead
I know.	Try to remember that
--you should get back into bed.	I guess, yeah
No, I think your mother, her illness --	It's got nothing to do with my mother! She's had leukemia for -- ! This is what makes me boil about him! HE wants me back! -- it's got nothing to do with my mother
Now, you're gonna have to learn with your left hand.	God
Call me during the week if you get the chance.	I'll try, but this week we go into survival training, so I can't make any promises.  Well, thanks again for dinner. Thank your mom again for me, will you
Nervous?	Yes.  I don't like this
Tape it off, we'll want to fine-tooth- comb it. My guess is that the UNSUB is having us on. He checks in, pays, picks up the key, but never walks inside. Tell me if I'm wrong.	Got a sister like this, what they call it, anal? That's her
Hold it!	Whoa
I don't believe it!	Bugging the District Attorney's office of New Orleans!  It's outrageous
Uh-huh.	The lazy fuck just didn't bother to look her up
I don't know.	Yes, you do.  That's why we brought you here.  --  Cohaagen's big secret is buried in that black hole you call a brain.  And Kuato's  gonna dig it out
Nevertheless --	Nevertheless what'? Kendall will testify and that'll be enough
How much are your rooms?	Thirty-seven fifty for one person, forty-nine fifty for two
And PERFECT.  CUT!	"""Perfect""?  Mr. Wood, do you know <u>anything</u> about the art of film production?"
I came to play pool, Fats.	That's good, Eddie. For how much
During your second act scene with your father, Roger Ferraday's supposed to stay way upstage at the arch. He's been coming closer down every night...	When he gets too close, I'll spit in his eye
It's better than ice cream.	It's better than springtime
Object to the form of the question!	It acts as a drug on the body
Incredible, isn't it? Well, I think John has had enough visitors for one day, Mothershead. I've got a lecture at the college, I'll be back this evening.	Excuse me, sir. I'd like to have a word with you
Are you the guy they called Ray Bones?	Depends. Who's this
There's one major hole in your story.	Which is
Right here.  Let the others go -- they have nothing to do with this.	Joey -- do it
For a *question*.	Does my colleague's piece concern Section Forty of the bill--a dam on Willet Creek
Mrs. Kramer, did you ever work in a job while you were married to your ex-husband?	No, I did not
Call 911, Mary, do it right now.	You fuckin' don't do that. You don't do it, you cocksucker. I'll fuckin' kill you with my barehands.  Go. get the fuck fuck -- we're going back and we finish the show -
Sapporo..	Just stay here and rest
Hiya Jake. That was some dance.	Della
Give me your number.  I'll call tomorrow.  I'm just a little. I'm a little insane right now.  But it's going to be great.	No no, I know -
-- That really was incredibly work you did. You and your brother, fighting fires together, helluva image, isn't it? You must feel lucky to be assigned under his command.	Every little boy's fantasy
Owen reported the eradication of a low generation colony a month ago. That's why MICOM wants onsite assessment.	Sounds more like some idiot at Military Intelligence Command wants to get me and my cap troopers killed..
About what?	Every triangle I've ever seen never lasts.  Somebody's got to go
They're... not here anymore.	Nonsense, everytime she says that, the paint peels, and some wild creature tries to kill us
Hello.	Finally!  So you're our Canadian pickpocket
Let me hold it, or you'll have a real shiner.	Thanks. People seem to be pretty hot over this imbecile story
Sheriff, that's aggravating.	I'm ahead of you there
Mm—hmm.	You know, the boys are getting rather interested in your future
No I'm not.	"You're looking more worried now than when you ""decided to stop worrying"""
You want us to move in here?	That's the only way we'll get the place fixed up in time
She might!!! She might do it, Albert, but you can't fuckin' tell me that she does!!!	She does, Vince! That's what I'm telling you! She does!!
No, I'm gonna kill him --	No, believe me, I'm gonna kill him
I don't venerate drug dealers, Roger. To the contrary.	Of course
No, don't go...	The four of you must have so much to say to each other - with Mr. Sampson leaving..
I GOT ONE COMING UP.	AND HE'S GUNNING
I already made you two tapes.	Laura, you have to deal with all of this
An excellent quality.	Maybe he wants something
Mrs. Robinson, don't wreck it. I'm asking you please not to wreck it.	Go home now
Is that a threat?	...we worked together for, what was it, three years...? Now, the work we did here is confidential, not for public scrutiny... any more than are one's family matters..
There's some more combustible fuel down in the storage lockers next to the lounge.  I'll go get it.	No, I don't want us separated
-- I give you my favorite animal in the zoo.  Are you ready for the weirdness, the strange perfection and truth of...	I'm scared.  What is it
When you run out or money, 'cause you will here, you can go sing at Bishop's Pub. They let you pass the hat. All these kids do that. Most every place doesn't want to bother with you.	I'm not really a musician
So, I've met the one woman on the planet who's going to hold my success against me.	You seem like a terrific guy, Max, and I'm grateful for the job..
I know.  You're quite a celebrity these days.  Are you here because you have info ... about my case?	Who's the stiff
Okay, Okay, but I want it right back. It belongs to my father.	No problem, is it at your place
Yes -- the merger must go through -- But I am used to making my deals on a solid basis. I am not a liar. I am an honest business man -- a good husband and father -- I have a sense of honor -- I have nothing to conceal. I couldn't live happily otherwise.	Well, don't get excited about it. We agreed that the merger with the Saxonia people must go through
"""Darli...ing you, ewe ewe ewe, send me, Darli...ing you, ewe ewe ewe, mend me."	"""At first I thought it was infatuation ...But oh it's lasted so long..."
The synthetics act as a second skin, adapting to your individual needs to --	Keep the hot side hot, and the cool side cool
So, what's this about, Dick?	It's me or Wallace, Jack.  Wallace's third party is only going to help McGovern.  I need your support
Computer, what about our engines? Why don't we have power?	The Beryllium Sphere has fractured under stress
Yes, yes, but there's no need to bring that up. How far are you prepared to help me?	Just say the word, sir, and I'll do anything
Then you knew of the inheritance?	Sure--I have one little job to accomplish, then we can leave together. No doubt you are surprised at this disguise
Every Tuesday except the 3rd Tuesday of the month when it's switched to Friday except in April when she rides on Thursday.  It's not that hard.  Didn't you have a mother?	Can I please have a cup of coffee
Where'd he go?	We ain't never gonna find that girl now
Compensated...?	How were you paid
So?	So?  The procnias averano is a South American bird.  The flight here was only three hours!  And yesterday a European swallow flew by! Where the fuck are we
Cool.	Your shorts are looking especially gold today
Okay.	All this stuff doesn't mean anything. Money, this, doesn't mean anything without trust. I have to be able to trust you with my life
Yes I have, and do I look like a happy man? Was all that drama with Brenda a happy thing for me to do? Huh? Was it? Is she a part of my life now?	This is totally different. I'm talking about avoiding what you're talking about. That's the distinction. I have not made the commitment yet. I am not married. I have not said the words. In a few days, I might get married, and if I do, then I won't be doing stuff like this anymore. Otherwise, what's the whole point of getting married
Possibly.	Graham, I mean, what do you think her reaction is going to be if you contact her
You have a bay?	My grandchild-baby
You remember how you wanted her, the taste of her -	I didn't want to kill her
Yesterday I was a thief -- but now, --	But now, you must go... I give you the pearls. But now you must go --
I know he's alive.  People in this town -- they want us to believe he's dead.  But I know. I've always known.	Right now at least one girl is dead and Jamie Lloyd is in there fighting for her life.  She is the last of his blood line.  If she dies -
New York.	I think it's in New Jersey
I have always asked for plain information. Just the truth.	The Communists put their guns in the hands of the Khamba children and force the child to kill the parent. They have dropped bombs on the monastery of Lithang in Kham. It has been destroyed. Women and children, trying to escape from the fighting, have been shot with machine guns, fired from airplanes
What is it with you and the space program?	And look here.  Cease fire in Chechenia.  That's good for the banks who lent the government money, but bad for the guys selling them weapons.  Listen to this, some gas company in Colorado.  Their researchers have been blocked from testing a fuel additive.  They've accused the E.P.A. of, quote, 'turning a blind <u>eye</u> to the future.
If we don't hear from him soon, I think we better go in after him.	Sun will be down in a minute
Aramis... These are... these are whores!	So was Mary Magdalene, and our Lord loved her
I'm sorry.	My mother used to say the universe is right on schedule.  Everything happens like it's supposed to
Wanna Mac?	No, I'd like the scarf
Your momma's worried sick over you. You take off in the middle of the night, you don't show up for school. What're you trying to prove?	I'm not trying to prove anything.  I was burying my dog
Gold dog collars? They don't have dogs.	Hello
Turn around!	What
Indeed we were.	...and my need for The Institution..
Mrs. Haydn...	This is George Fox..
No, <i>this</i> is your man.	With respect, Sir--it may be the only unaccountable specimen but the profile suggests-
Yeah.  CIA-level stuff...	And what does that level of spending on first-class, private- sector infrastructure signify to you
Don't say anything else.	I knew I couldn't trust that fuck 
Oh no.  I really like it sometimes.  And if it weren't for him, I wouldn't have met you.	But him is you.  Now I'm confused
Don't be scared.	Jeremy if you pull that trigger I'm going to leave! I'm going to go to New York
Why are you so agitated?	I'm still stewing about that ape laying hands on me. And that fuckin' bartender sticks a weed up my ass, too
You do the right thing. Sit with me while I heal, let it develop slow.	What were you doin' here anyway
How much did you have?	A hundred grams
Bye, now.	Bye, Robert
It's none of my business, but when are you and Marietta gonna tie the knot? I always wondered why you never did.	Not for lack of love, I can tell ya that
What about night?	Not a great idea. Especially 'cross the street
Yeah. Do me a favor.	Sure. What is it
I'm not so sure Dr. Loveless would like to find his social secretary dancing in the dark with an uninvited stranger.	Forgive me, but you don't strike me as the social secretary type
I don't understand.	How can I make myself clear... It is difficult to express but I'd rather not go to foreign countries any more. Please, Comrade... let me stay here... let me finish my work... I am in the rhythm of it now... I don't want to go away. I don't want to be sent into that foreign atmosphere again. It throws one out of gear.... Let me finish my work... I have concentrated everything in it... Please... don't make me go
Can I have that pad and the pencil?	What for
Is that...?	The Matrix?  Yeah
If God intended our proximity to Asia, do you believe he would have waited for you to show it to the world?	Did He not choose a carpenter's son to reveal Himself to the world
I understand how you feel, Cookie. It's sort of rough -- one American squealing on other Americans. Then again, Cookie -- maybe that stoolie's not an American at all. Maybe he's a German the Krauts planted in this barracks. They do this type of thing. Just put an agent in with us -- a trained specialist. Lots of loose information floating around a prison camp. Not just whether somebody wants to escape, but what outfits we were with and where we were stationed, and how our radar operates. Could be, couldn't it?	In this barracks
Why didn't he want to sell it?	I don't know. Probably wanted a hideaway
'I am not a missing link.'	Because if he is a missing link, it means the Sacred Scrolls aren't worth their parchment
Where were you?	In the private aircraft hangar. Anybody could have walked in
We were just trying to push the envelope --	You're BLIND!  There is no envelope anymore!!  It hurts me to say this... but there's only one solution --  I don't want you two to ever work together again
I love you. Keep the children safe.	Paul! Then another voice
...seriously.	That's not the way I..
A piece of shrapnel hit me.	I'm sick of that guy. Let's stop playing nice
"""The show must go on."""	...Damn you!  Damn you
I told you I don't like to talk about it.	Well, this big stake's got to be big by now.  When you leaving
Ripped? They look like they were <u>bit</u> off.	Smells Like Teenage Spirit
Not you too -	My God! Serafine's right. It's time to go. We'll talk soon
You have to believe to have faith.	You don't believe in anything
Not at all.  And Eve thank you for tonight...and for the kiss. My first.	My pleasure
"""...and behold he will come that walks as a man, yet is not a man- ..."""	This, is our baby Peter. Yours and mine. Aren't you proud
I know because... it's just something I know.	I don't want to hurt my daddy
I didn't like that violin thing. That was sad.	Tit for tat--as simple as that
And they didn't believe the symptoms I described...	Why Sixpack
Well, they were hiring, and it was only a two week course...	Wow
I've got a hot one.	You go, boy
So how are you doing with those pills? Well, I hopahopahopa.	Takes months to know... They work little by little.  Talking like this is exhausting
Get lost, will you?	That's the way I like 'em - big and sassy.  And get rid of your roommate
Yeah... You were a lot of help with those guns. Your soldier shit is bad- ass.	I'd hoped I was finished with all that. But..
Ready.	Wagons, hooaaa
I have no idea. Maybe someone saw and talked.	German.  Not in our neighborhood, man. A hundred percent Irish. No one talks to cops. Period
Hi sweetie.	Hi baby
Hey, Sweden!!!	They're not Swedish, goddamn it, they're Norwegian, MacRe -
We tested the new bomb.	What
It's time for you to tell the Citizens that Commodus stole the money allocated for defending the German border.  It's time to tell the citizens everything.  Will you write it?	Yes, because I know they'll read it
Then why the hell are you so quick to disbelieve me? You yourself said it must have taken incredible strength to tear apart a person like that.	David, please. The police are satisfied. I'm certain that if a monster were out roaming northern England we'd have seen it on the telly
The answer is no.	Mr. Soze will be most 
No... I'm going to show you some slides and you are going to tell me what you think about them Alright?	Ohhh... jolly good. Perhaps you can explain me something to me first
If we find Ryan and he's still alive, that son-of-a-bitch is gonna carry this goddamned B.A.R. back to the beach for me.	Army life is too dang easy, my feet have gone soft.  Back home, we go out squirrel huntin', I walk forever and a day and then some, don't even raise a blister
I am seventy-four years old.	Uh-huh. Still practice a lot of medicine
Well, congratulations.  Isn't that great, David?	Certainly is
Why don't you just put this in your pocket so when you see a garbage can you can put it where it belongs.	Why don't you just shove it up your ass!  Haw-haw
In a hurry.	Sam, he called me when he had nothing definite, nothing but a dissatisfied feeling. Don't you think he'd have called if he had anything..
Yeah.	Sweet Jesus
But not that <u>way</u>...	But we..
"'I have come to you from a planet in a different solar system. I am an explorer in space, with no hostile intentions against your civilization. On my planet it was the primate Man who evolved Into a thinking animal, while the apes remained..."""	Stop right there. Bring me that paper
How about if next week some time I put it on a marriage license -- that ought to --	Quit stalling -- I want to see some identification -- now
YES.	YOU NEVER FORGOT ME
Shut up!	I will stop this car right now
who can I say is calling?	This is the President
Tell me it's not true.	I can't let you do this..
I'm sure he's busy.	Don't you even want to ask
What's your new book about?	A detective.  He falls for the wrong woman
I would also like to apologize.	For what
He's big, Hutton.  You never saw anything so big.  Watch yourself.	Always do
A lot of people don't wear underwear.	Yeah but a guy hung like a horse would need briefs to keep things in line
"That's the kind of thing we are going to be interested in from now on, Mr. Carter.  Right now, I wish you'd send your best man up to see Mr. Silverstone.  Have him tell Mr. Silverstone if he doesn't produce his wife at once, the ""Enquirer"" will have him arrested.  Have him tell Mr. Silverstone he's a detective from the Central Office. If Mr. Silverstone asks to see his badge, your man is to get indignant and call Mr. Silverstone an anarchist. Loudly, so that the neighbors can hear."	Really, Mr. Kane, I can't see the function of a respectable newspaper 
What he talk 'bout?	Why don't you sit and I'll read you something he said
You didn't jump in.	That's my memory.  And it seemed absolutely real
Well, uh...	Sure, sure, that doesn't count. That's different
What do you think?	Oh. Eh, I like it
They couldn't prove it.  No body!  Nuns bumping themselves off is bad for business.	But I've seen her grave
In this place there are no untouchables -- and no work is beneath any of us!	I am your wife
I don't get it.	You know and I know that Hobbes was a lousy teacher, eh? Lousy. Dry, academic, afraid of women, lousy. But he was always a genius at one thing -- getting grants. Could he get grants for crazy projects
What have you been before today?	It was just that, maybe the way the sun struck the ocean, the sound of the waves. It was simple, whatever it was.  Then I started thinking about the last time I felt this good.  It's been a long time
Steven!	She's a waitress at Joey B's but she needs some extra cash.  Ward's the pimp
She said, 'I know you love me, Mac, but you've never loved me enough.'	Not loving enough. That is a terrible thing to do to someone. I suppose I did it to Clive. Always held something back
Keep these. We're going too.	No. One of us is enough
What 'okay' is, it's 'okay' it's over.  We've got bigger fish to fry, don't we, Joe?	'Fish'
Keep your change.  Bus three-twenty-three. Leaves at seven fifty two, tonight.	I'm sorry.  It's just ... you know ..
Close call.  For the first time in a long time, it's really hitting me. Life's tenuous.	I know it is.  Right after my parents died, I went to the beach...  I was in the water.  Everything was calm.  And then one of those really big waves hit me.  Hard.  Pulled me straight to the bottom.  I struggled and finally ran out of air.  If it hadn't been for my sister who pulled me out, I would've drowned. Legally dead for a couple of minutes is what they told me
Oh, that 'Dukes of Hazzard' show, there was probably ninety-five people there, maybe more.	See what I mean? It's a funny business, isn't it
What's the matter, Sugar?	I don't know.  All of a sudden, I'm thirsty
Let me see.	Dad..
They told me, you might try to talk me into something... You need to rest Mr. Parker... It's for your own good.  I've been following your story for a long while.  It's a beautiful thing you did.	You ever lose somebody Stephanie
That's all right. I got it off my chest.	The difference between them and me is I know when I've been a skunk. You take me to the nearest news- stand and I'll eat a pack of your postcards raw. Raw
So we heard it... like, right that... that first...	We danced to it.  Just like this
You're not crazy. Don't...wait a minute, just let me explain.	You're gonna explain
...in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ!!! It is he who commands you! He who flung you from the heights of Heaven to the depths of hell!	Fuck him!!
Twisted?	You know what
Word's out on you, Eddie. You walk in the wrong kind of place and they'll eat you alive.	Now, when did you adopt me
You wouldn't shoot anyone...	But I would
Your mother will be down in a few minutes.	My mother
Mr. Lingk.  James Lingk.  Your contract went out.  Nothing to...	John..
Creasy...  I'd have liked to have known you under different circumstances.	Off the top of my head, I don't know what they could've been
I can't see much fun in teaching school. Why don't you go into the beauty business.	But I like teaching school
But, uh, Egypt is, well, it's like nothing else. It's like going back in time.  I remember as a kid trying to imagine what a kid my age, centuries ago, walking over that same ground, was wondering about or, if they had the same problems as me... and I felt, connected to... to time itself, almost. Ha, I never realized how hard it was to describe.	I'd love to go there one time..
Lemme see that rifle son...	No! This is my private property. According to California law we have a constitutional right to bear arms
We had rather more important things on our mind than taking notes.  We were trying to restore her...	What happened in those three..
Okay, okay, that's enough.  Go put on some damn clothes.	Elroy
Who's Colson, Harry?	The most powerful man in America is President Nixon, probably you've heard his name
It's been a long time.	Yes, ma'am. A lot of water under the bridge
Well, congratulations Lydia, because out of several thousand card holders... in conjunction with several major credit card companies...	Which ones
Bela, don't worry.  You're better than all this crap.	I never said I could ad-lib..
He didn't see you, did he?	No
Then what? When you get through with blue and yellow, then what?	Can't say. It's something can't be planned
Snappy.	With a little jazz
Cindy, please! It's a matter of life and death. I'm asking you a friend.	Well... okay... but only as a friend
Lay it on me.	It's simple.  What was your pal Louis' first musical instrument
It's engineered to last about fifteen years.	Things.  Oh--you silly people and your things.  Things, things, things
It's a coincidence.	The woman at my dry cleaners believes there's no such thing as coincidence
I don't know.	It was a stupid thing to do
Remember, stay calm, use your thrusters. We'll be fine.	Why wouldn't we be. I mean, look around. So far so good
I don't know.  I mean, what if I never meet him? What if this man is my destiny and I never meet him?	Your destiny can be your doom. Look at me and Rick
You want cash?	I got, like, uh...
Scratched --  We did not take the initiative.	Of course you took the initiative
Storm?  What storm?	A cyclone's on it's way in.  I thought they would have told you on the phone
Behold my glory.	What... are you
Tina was a wonderful woman.	Don't go getting sentimental. You're no damn good at it
Me an' the Kid, we'll head over to the ranch an' as soon as we find him, we'll shoot him. Then we'll come back an' the three of us pick up the money an' head South together.	Supposin' he don't go to the ranch
What's the hurry? Can't we talk quietly for a couple of minutes?	I thought you wanted..
Ready to go,go,go?	Where's Richard and Julia
Two years...three years...	What about now
I know, but listen--	Was that doctored-up, too
I've always denied the legend that you were in 'Our American Cousin' the night Lincoln was shot...	I don't think that's funny
Fuck Maxine.	We wish
Yitzchak, they told me you had influence.	Who told you
You said the slave had a crucifix...	Oh, that rumour about crosses
You have to.	I've never met him
What?	That's the third white van I've seen
I've got Jews at my table.	It's not your table. It's the place's table. Behave. This once, you can sit at someone else's station
The set doesn't look right!  It looks too... empty.  Clutter it up.  Put a skeleton in the corner.  And what's that thing over there?	I don't know
Don't give me that.  You've gotten plenty. You've been well-paid; you've gotten lots of perks ...	Perks?  Jesus -- <u>perks</u>
What shall we drink to, sir?	To peace on earth
Overruled...	Exception
Hi, how are you?	Okay, Sammy
Well... mostly...	My God
It's my field. I represent athletes. I'm an agent.	What a coincidence? I'm a male synchronized swimmer and I'm looking for representation
It's crazy, man. Instruments are crazy. We're gonna have to eject.	TELL HIM, WILL YOU TELL HIM? OUR INSTRUMENTS ARE OKAY
I told the story enough times--hell, we were just in the car, he was stewing about the fight with Buddy while we drove over to Roderick Bledsoe's--	Bleds
Dad...?	Chief?!  Is that you
Taking Genesis? Who? Who is taking Genesis?	... see you but can't hear. Did you... order...
It's incredible! How did you do it?	What
I'm not going to get fucked like Gribbs. He's seventy years old and the fucking guy is going to die in prison.  I don't need that. I don't care who it is. I'm warning everybody. Gribbs got twenty years just because he said hello to some fuck who was sneaking around selling junk behind his back. That's not going to happen to me.  You understand?	Paulie. Why would I? I swear
What are you talking about?	Chase. There's something I need to tell you-
I'll bet a dollar.	Me, too..
Me too. I'm almost there.	That's it. I'm done
Who is this war against, Sam?	Well, terrorists of course
Funnily enough I haven't been too thrilled about it.	We are not talking jokey understatement here, Rob.  We're talking actionable harassment.  Ten phone calls a night, hanging around outside my house..
Patrizia, I'm afraid.	More or less, we are all afraid. Especially at night
According to his date book, and this was verified by his secretary, he had dinner with...Marcus Halberstam.	And
Who was it?	What
Well, if you are, it's entrapment already.	I'm hip
Are you even really alive?	My problem, Mr. Case, is simply that I am a soulless bastard
Isn't that marvelous? We're delighted.	Why didn't you mention it in your letters
Put in the coordinates and let's get a visual.  The visuals aren't coming up.	The satellite doesn't work as fast as I do
We're fighters for Truth, Justice, and the American Way.	You better get some fresh air
He's as big as Toscanini, maybe even bigger. In this neck of the woods, he's probably Bob Hope and Betty Grable rolled into one.	Jeez, and I never heard of him
You're wasting your time, Frost. Far greater scholars than you have tried to decipher these words. Whatever secrets they hold have been lost.	Perhaps
Are we talking about cocaine again?	I swear.  I swear.  We've already got some requests to do a few dinner parties
You still shouldn't have done it, Charlie.  You don't speak for the club.	Hey, would you not worry about your precious little necks?  If they catch me, I'll tell them I made it up.  All your asses are safe.  Look, Gloria and Tina didn't come here to listen to us argue. Are we gonna have a meeting or what
But, I don't know how.	Here, practice on your arm like this
Where is he?	What are you gonna do
Could we just talk alone for a second? I --	Good idea.  Could you all leave us alone for a few minutes
When do we bring'em back?	You gotta give me a day.  I need a day.  He's sick, get it out <u>now</u>.  Get him on the phone'n tell him how sick he is.  We got to get it out before the story breaks, so we aren't quote, responding to it. Issue is as a bulletin.  He's got some rare strain of..
No.	Sure it is.  You want to bug us till we have to lock you up.  Why
Have you ever tried any?	No
On which boat?	Well, er... let's drop it. I don't think you would care for that one
All right, why?	Your name's spreading like wild-fire out here--you are the winterbook favorite to get on the National ticket
Hi, guys. We brought back a friend.	It's Bullwinkle
You're lint!  You're a flea!  You're a blip!	Well, maybe I am.  But you're fired
Make a choice, Bruce.  Her or me.	Well...um...her
No, just the paper will be fine.	Are you sure? 'Cause if you want, I'll bring back the whole store for you
Nothing...	Then what's going on
It's just a dream.	I call it my shower dream
Tell me!	Information like that is very expensive and you don't have the balls to pay the price
Have him committed.	Yeah! That's thinking
This is all Witwer.  He's setting me up.	Stop.  Just wait.  Who's the victim
The roller disco one.	Fourteen
What are they gonna do to us?	You? Dine and ditch, right?  Over ten bucks?  You're probably looking at a thumb
...It's inside and it eats and eats until there's nothing left.	"""The dark inside...""? I don't understand"
We just found another body.	Who's
Awaiting my orders.	You do not report for duty unless the Queen requests it.  You know that very well
How do you know it was Williams?	Huh?  I...uh...uh..
You're doing some recording here, aren't you?	An album
Was her name Annabelle Horsefield?	That's the one
FBI too?	You don't believe me? Well, I was working the weekend of the break-in and my God, all the executives were running around like crazy--you had to practically wait in line to use the shredding machine--and when the FBI came to investigate, they never even asked me about it
Oh, she was here.	Where'd she go
Let's consider again our current information -- if the symptoms were first detected in Philadelphia on June 28, 1995, that makes us know that...?	It was released in Philadelphia, probably on June 14, 1995
Is it enough?	Enough for a test
There's no need for a claim, the garden is a healthy one.	Oh, I see...  ... Well, then... You're a very funny man, Mr. Gardiner. You caught me off guard, I must admit..
And you feel bad for it?	It was my dog.  Let me ask you a question.  How long have you been acquainted with Jerry
No way, Jude. I'm out.	You're never out, Fergus
Fuck. Me.	What happened to your leg there Officer? Hunting accident
What do you feel like singing, Bob?	No way
I'm butcherin' my hog myself, smokin' the hams, and cannin' the sausage.  You-all have your work cut out!	She talks to herself
C'mon.  You intimidate her 'cause you're a celebrity.  She sees me differently.	You're her Savior?  Is she the kid you're gonna save from the burning building
Yes, Mr. Kirkeby.  You still owe me for the last two bottles --	I'll pay you on Friday.  And whatever happened to those little cheese crackers you used to have around
Yyess.	"That's much better. I could understand that ""yes"""
I saw you fight Bob Satterfield in '46, Jake. In Chicago. You were great.	Yeah, I really cleaned up on him
No.	"Funny, nobody calls it that anymore. Caesar calls it ""The |Business."
Not at first. You would stare at the tops of the trees so intently. Any second I thought you would take off and fly.	I have to go
I like it to be what it is. It's Sarah. That's a biblical name. You want to know its meaning?	I could always get us a bottle
You bloody whore. Frank was too careful to die like that. Who killed him?	I don't know nothing
We had Davy Crockett hats... They made a fortune.	We had Davy Crockett hats, but you could <u>crush</u>'em ... you could <u>crush</u>'em, see, when you felt stupid. Crush'em, put em in your Pocket.  You can't put a Mountie hat in your..
I'm busy.	He just wants to -
Sir, yes it is, sir.	Doesn't look like it to me
Yes.	Fine.  Good
What do you mean?	The Abe Henry double-cross test. You just made a perfect score
I'm totally serious!	Yeah, well..
Look -- you can see it here.  It's wonderful!	Emerald City
Ah!  And what sort of man is this worshiper?	He's a vacuum cleaner salesman
Nope. That's the road. Straight through town, stay on your left, right around the bay to the front door.	You see, I wanted to surprise them
High Voltage?	It sends 200 volts throughout the cylinder surface.  But we've never used it underwater before
Not quite.	I'm sure you'll keep her focussed. She's lucky to have you, Viktor.  Is she really having your baby
Two hundred dollars, please.	Yes. Yes. A thousand times, yes
Okay, no big deal. That's okay. Yeah. He got his twenty-five.  That I'll live with. Any more I couldn't.	Okay
You stay up here in the attic, Ike. Don't make any noises or nothing, okay?	Uhh..
... Gentlemen, I quoted this man on national television today he is obviously a financial sophisticate of some reknown.	Yes, sir - we are aware of all that, but still, we haven't been able to..
...thinking of going back to Random House.  On a part-time basis.	Wowie.  How wonderful
What?	They're gonna rape the maid, aren't they
What is it?	The...Silver...Mike...Award
Yeah, but I got a bag. My wife gave me one for Christmas.	Listen, man—I'll tell you what I'll do. When I come back in the morning, I'll buy it back from you and give you ten dollars profit? What do you say
If you hadn't come along and protected me when you did, I'd have killed them fellows.	Go and get yourself washed up, Mr. Bernstein.  There doesn't seem to be an serious injury
Who ????	Listen, I've got to give you credit. Your disguise is nearly perfect. I mean, if you fooled me, and I am nobody's fool -
Would you like to see that?	I don't care
Whose son am I?	You are the son of King Uther, and the fair Igrayne... you are King Arthur
When I think you're ready.	When will that be 
I was being polite.	Well don't do that.  Polite don't work here.  You do that polite shit here in America, they'll sue your ass for harassment
My co-counsel, Ron Motley, and I have filed a lawsuit against the tobacco industry on behalf of the State of Mississippi to get the state reimbursed Medicaid costs for treating people with smoking-related illness.  If you'd be interested in talking to us, we'd certainly like to talk to you...	When should we do this
What do you want?	I want it back
Where'd you go?	Hit a couple of jazz clubs.  Fell back to her place
S'up.	You look big, man. Diesel. You been lifting
I mean if he was dead, I could handle that.	At least he's got people around him
Possible.  So you did those wings?	Yeah.  A long time ago
Bullshit!  I'll go postal in this mothafucka!	Well, you gonna have to go postal then
No, I have only activated your cognitive and communication subroutines.	Why
It never works out because I'm into legs and butts and hair myself! That's why! So I wind up with guys who are very good looking, but even more shallow than I am, if you can picture that. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go find another low-paying, demeaning job where some guy named Jerry keeps telling me how lousy his marriage is.	Why not go to work for me
Yes.	This is Georgia
Why?	Please don't ask no quest- ions now .. Not right now .
Mars?  You've never even been to Mars.	I know it sounds crazy, but I went to this Rekall place after work, and..
Your prerogative, Senator.	Awright.  How's our girl doin', anyway
You're not going!  You have to stay with us!	How long do you think Commodus will let us live once he's in power?  A month?  Half a year?  Paestum will be a prison where he'll hold us until it's time..
Really? Are they ill-tempered?	Please allow me to demonstrate
In a dictatorship, art belongs to the Party. If you want to be a conductor, you have to have an orchestra. And you can only get an orchestra if you have contact with the power. All over the world you need the right contacts and you have to make the right compromises.	This is what I'm saying. He must have had Party contacts
That's fine.  It's nice to meet you.	Are we gonna tape some stuff now
It wasn't like that.	Don't lie to me. Don't treat me like that
I'm not finished yet.	Go on..
Which will require twenty more hours at minimum, Admiral...	Twelve! I'm on my way to a meeting with Admiral Nogura which will not last more than three minutes. Report to me on the Enterprise in one hour
Cattle ranch!	I'm not kidding.  You can get one if you have the credit.  Look just like real cows, too
You fucking cow, can't you read?!	I..
Weird shit...?	Take a look
I'm curious, but I don't want to know. Jeez, I hope you haven't been telling people what's going to happen to them.	Give me some credit, will you
Hey, he's a human being you can give him that much.	Actually, the only thing I gotta give that guy is a one-way ticket back to Greaseball-land
I guess the bright glare out here made it hard to see the numbers on the weights.	I'll take the shades off.  Just get this fuckin' thing off me
You ain't doin' so good, Snake. You need help.  You should talk to Hershe. She hates Cuervo. They used to be partners, but they split up.	Who
Maura!	What's happening
I had to. I was frantic. I didn't know what to do.	What did you do after that
Why not?	I never like to talk about my work
Henryk, I said nothing bad.	What's the matter with you all? Have you lost your sense of humour
You seemed determined to do that anyway.. Why didn't you tell me you were a famous MiG insulter? MAVERICK Would it have made a difference?	No
Oh, I don't know. I'm not signed out for an overnight.	Go back, sign in, and climb out the bathroom window. McCloskey's always zonked out: she'll never hear you
You never know when or where a story will break.	Not much story here. Just a bunch of kids cutting loose
You know why I'm here.  You know what I have to do.  I came here for permission. Out of respect, Pablo.  This is bullshit, he's making me look like a punk.	It is very difficult.  Diego makes me a lot of money.  If Diego goes so does the money.  You were an excellent teacher, George.  When the student has learned well, the teacher is no longer necessary.  We must remember we have wives, friends, familia.  Even familia that has not been born.  But sometimes, we must forget as well.  I am like you. I must teach the lesson.  We want to teach the lesson.  But we cannot.  We must remember that life is the teacher
You're loitering in here, and causing a disturbance.	You're the disturbance, pal! And here...  I'm buying some... what's this?... Chewlie's Gum. There. I'm no longer loitering. I'm a customer, a customer engaged in a discussion with other customers
He'll be a minute, hon. You want some coffee?	No thank you
Last night I slept with a member of the War Council.	He shouldn't be telling secrets in bed
Stand up.	I wasn't hitting on your girl
You can pull your trousers up, now.	Oh, fine
I know.	Does this prove something to you? Have you made some great stand of which I'm unaware
Well, enough about the King, how 'bout you?	How 'bout me what
Well...	It's just filthy. People are dirty. I think that's the biggest thing that's wrong with people. I think they wouldn't be as violent if they were clean, because then they wouldn't have anybody to pick on... Oofh... Dirt..
Who?	Cliff Brumby. He'd seen the film. He wanted to meet Doreen
It doesn't have to be, Hal. It's more dangerous to be out of touch with Earth. Let me have manual control, please.	I don't really agree with you, Dave. My on-board memory store is more than capable of handling all the mission requirements
If I may be permitted to question my own witness in my own way...	I'd just like to get to the point, Mr. Galvin.  Let's not waste these people's time.  Answer the question, Mr. Witness.  Please.  Would a nine-minute lapse in restoring the heartbeat in and of itself be negligence
I really shouldn't. I gotta keep an eye on my friend.	He looks like he can take care of himself
Mr. Scott cannot give me exact figures, Admiral. So I will...  Make a <u>guess</u>.	<u>You?</u>  Spock, that's extraordinary
That'll be a test, won't it?	Instead of busting my chops you should do something about that girl. Fire her. Or something
Are <u>you</u> all right Ethan.  What's wrong with you?	If you're gonna do this again Claire, It's not gonna be on my watch
Yes. Have you looked in the closets all over . . .?	Yes, sir
Well, sure. But he was super-gentle, you know? I mean, he raped me and all, but I guess there's all different kinds of rapes. I didn't exactly want him to do it but I suppose once it started, it didn't seem all that terrible. It was over pretty quick, and after Uncle Pooch just stood there and pulled up his trousers and left me there. I stayed in bed till I heard him drive off. Then I just went back into the kitchen and finished makin' my sandwich.	And you never told nobody about it
No idea.	No idea at all
Sure.  How much does the job pay?  Sure, if there's a chance for advancement.	You wouldn't consider going over Niagara Falls without a barrel
Do what?	Get her to act like a huma
A wife?... Did someone piss drunk run into your wife?  Crushed her like a bug.  Snapped her bones?	That's enough
He talked about Demons, huh?	Yeah
You was just doing your job.	Last thing you need's for me to start doing my fucking job
Stay back! Patients aren't allowed to enter the... Oh, stay back!	All I'm askin' is..
But where do you come from?	You wouldn't understand. I come from great darkness and deep peac
All right.  Tell you what I'll do. First thing Monday, I'll look over the Witwer evidence and I'll have Gideon run the Containment files, see if anyone drowned a woman named -- what did you say her name was?	Anne Lively... But I never said she drowned
Still is, so let yourself out.	We need to talk
A late night or an early morning?	Late night.  You
Sounds fair.	What do you get out of it
Oh, Lestat. I must do more than that. I've brought a present for you.	Then I hope its a beautiful woman with endowments you will never possess
That's my business. Harry.	Just curious.  Back to business.  Ever heard of a man called Nix?  Dorothea
Yeah. Like that.	Good
Where's he going?	I don't know... but I think he's pissed
It must be on the other side of this.	But how did the wall get here
God I guess i'll have to introduce you now.	Yeah, all right..
Ray, as your friend I have to tell you I think you've really gone around the bend on this ghost stuff.  You've been running your ass off for two years checking out every schizo in the Five Boroughs who thinks he's had an experience.  And what have you seen?	"What do you mean by ""seen?"
How long is it so far?	Fou
Okay, I'm going ahead. Wait a minute, what's her name?	Oh bother. Dorothy Vallens, Seventh Floor.  Look on the mailbox for her number, bright boy
Shit, what difference does it make... Nobody's gonna believe me anyway...	Suzie!  Did this man rape you
No, no.	Pay attention to women, Leon.  They are dangerous, you know
Is it a mistake for someone to go to the ones who love them when they're in trouble?	Yes -- when their troubles can harm them
You should have seen this octopus furnace. I had to get out my Hazmat suit just to get up in there...	My dad used to be in the Army, but now he's just your average HVAC specialist. He and my mom got divorced when I was five. She lives on a Havasu reservation in Arizona..
Freddy.	The bastard son of a hundred maniacs. Some say he was murdered, though no body was ever found
Yes, goddammit!	Where is your attacker
Who told you about her?	You did. You were with her when she disappeared, right? She took you to the mall or the movies, you turn around and she's gone
Do you think Miss Channing would approve?	I think she would cheer
You damn Toon!  No wonder they picked you for the patsy.  Always gotta play the fool.  You make me sick!	Gee, you shamuses are a tough audience, but what happened to you that was so dark, lurid, embittering
You totaled it, huh?	Yeah.  So sue me
There are many would pay a king's ransom for a few drops of unicorn blood.	I don't want it on me
He already knows everything about what he can't do.  You can tell him not to even look at you, if you want.	I'm thinking it's too weird now
Leon, my little boy.	Oh, Leon, you are so good
I think we oughta burn him on suspicion.	Suspicion of what
Are you all right, Dil?	I will be
You just kicked the shit out of a innocent man, you big asshole.	Innocent of what
Had trouble sleeping last night, sir.	Okay, Harold Speck: who goes first
It's a perfectly good car. It runs.	Yes, but... Really, I hate to sound... it's just that the public expects something different from its stars. People won't take you seriously
So that's your tutor, huh?  What is he, like, your boyfriend now?	Jeffrey.  Projectile vomit
So simple to say, so hard to do.	Not when you have no choice
You tried to once.  It was pretty pitiful.	Oh
Look at you!	Oh
He was a computer program for crissake.	You were supposed to act as if everything was real
I saw his stuff in the bathroom.	Oh
I wish I knew you years ago, when my brother was alive. I wish he never gave you up.	Yeah, well, like my Grandpa used to say...you can't change your Christmas past, but you sure can exchange your Christmas presents
I buy my shirts by the dozen. Fortunately.	Where did it all come from?  Or is that a permissible question
I'm working on a sketch. That old garage of yours is so rundown, it's kind of interesting.	It's rundown, all right. But drawing a picture won't improve the way it looks.  Let's see what you did, Rembrandt
And why should I? Let him howl if it makes him feel good.  Consarn it. He's better off than I am! I wish I could tell Him...  ... up there, just what I think.	Hush up such talk, Jabez
The doctor thinks I am. But -	What
I've been in a horrible accident. This is a coma-induced nightmare.	No. Josie, this is real
Why'd you ask him.	He's a client of mine! What's the matter. You can't suspect Dieter. He's a famous photographer. He makes millions
Old friend?	Since Oxford. I knew him when he had nothing but a brilliant mind and enough guts to conquer the world. He’s a man of great integrity
What's up, man.	S'up
They want me to go to Egypt for three weeks.	Great
They got into a terrific argument outside the Pig 'n Whistle.	What about
I gotta pain in my left side, and my leg throbs like a drum.	I been getting a pain in my shoulder
Eddie, I'm just a small-town girl. I've never done this before.	Don't worry, I'll teach you
Jesus, man ... What'd you do?	"My version of ""take this job and shove it..."
But we might just give it the 'ole college try.  What with the court back ups, it could be days before you got an arraignment. But then, I'm sure the flunk-out neice of the D.A. knows all about that.	You're an asshole, Moran
Cliff Brumby. He'd seen the film. He wanted to meet Doreen.	And you told Brumby
Why don't you want to go to your high school reunion?	It's in Michigan. Honestly, what do I have in common with those people? Or with anyone
Not that one.	NOT THAT ONE?
Fuckin' asshole.	What, they beat you with a rubber bat
Jesus Christ, stay here, don't move, stay right here --	All I wanted... was to make it home... for a little of Dad's turkey, and Mom's stuffing... Aunt Lisbeth's acorn gravy... Aunt Mary's cranberry buns..
I'll be over.	Bring back your policemen..
But what'd she actually do?	She was a crossbreed, Chinese and Polish
Yeah, if you could send it care of...	...Now, let me get this straight. Two years you give me problems with your fuckin' payoffs. Now you owe me thirteen-thousand dollars, you call me - collect - then ask me to wire you one-hundred-fifty dollars just so you can get your car fixed
It's....confidential, the call, my information is private.	Of course. Would you like to talk to a girl? I can connect you with a beautiful girl if I can just get your credit card number followed by the expiration date
Oh. What's wrong now?	I'm not sure. I think something is fucked up somewhere in the ship, though
Mind?  God, yes, I mind.  I'm your father's friend.  A man claiming to be the family physician let me in a while ago.	Dr. Woodly
Thanks, hon.	You bet. Thanks for lunch. What do we got here, Arbie's
What'd I tell you?	You told me no calls
I've made progress.  I'm in Manhattan.  Once a few more pieces fall into place, I'll drive to you and give you an update.	Fine..
For the last ten miles I've been trying to figure out how to sleep sitting up. I'm getting to the point where I don't think there's any place named Sonora.	It's a long ways yet.  I figure we ought to camp. She's tired
Can't you see?  She just wanted her little girl back.	Who wanted her little girl back
I got lots of presents.	Do you like them
Nothing, Wade, I've been thinking. You don't get enough appreciation around here and it's time we changed things a little.	I saw Mel Gordon in here this morning
I'll go encode your room key.	Thank you
The both of you.	But she really gets to the heart of Joe, doesn't she?  She's a genius
Oh, don't worry she didn't get offended by what I said. You two got to lighten up... right, Bill?	Whatever, at this point all I care about is food. I'm starving and I got a fucking killer headache
New mouthpiece. Been waiting two weeks for this. Kids keep swiping them all the time. They use 'em for bean shooters.  What can I do for you gentlemen?	You gentlemen going to stay for lunch
I can't believe you're reacting this way. You're just saying this because you lost the bet.	Is that what you think
Now what? What did I do this time?	I just wanted to know if you've seen this
That's what I say. What do you say to a rubber of bridge? I saw some cards in the other room.	Not for me, thanks. No, I'm too weary
What about you?	I'm going after Dad
Haven't seen much of you at the jail lately.	I been working on a few things
He was a pirate who sailed these waters long ago. His name is bein' borrowed these days by the long lost Henry Dickerson.	Governor Dickerson? Of Florida
It wouldn't be fair to her.	Yes, I know
Do I know you? You look familiar.	I took your vulture seminar seminar at Berkeley last year
John?	In here!
That's in two days.	Like I said; so
That's risky gear. It can drive you schizo.	For Peter, that's a short trip
Sir -- our shields are dropping!	Raise them -
What are we promising him? What can we possibly give him?	He asked if we would bury him when his time comes
Gee, I'm really sorry.	No mind, it's only antique Irish linen
Jean, do you feel...fulfilled? I mean, in your life?	Well, I guess I do. For a long time I was too focused on my work, I think, but now I've really begun to think about changing myself, you know, developing, and...growing
Stop it!	I was just getting to the interesting part
We!	I've got the real thing
You're next move should have been e2- e3.	I used a variation.  You should have anticipated that.  Have you figured out the message
Hello Leonard!  Beautiful morning, isn't it?	It was
No.  I mean, 'no you can't ask me that.' I mean, ask me something else.	Why'd you let me in
A spade, we need a spade -- I wish you would concentrate -- we need a spade if we're going to dig a pit.	So who's going to do it
What are you going to do, V?  Shoot me?  Kill me in cold blood?  I don't think so.  I'll tell you why.  If you had it in you to pull that trigger, you would have done it a long time ago.  If I was you, I would have killed me the minute I brought the money home.  But you didn't and I know why, because you don't want to kill me.  Do you, V?  Do you? No, I know you don't.	Caesar, you don't know shit
Oh no.	Great timing
When you didn't come to the club.	Oh. Oh, yeah. No. This is a different one
Not yet.	I've had two meetings with him. He's a great musician. Maybe the greatest conductor in the world. His Brahms, Beethoven, Schubert - unequalled
WHAT?!	I--the royal we, you know, the editorial--I dropped off the money, exactly as per--Look, I've got certain information, certain things have come to light, and uh, has it ever occurred to you, man, that given the nature of all this new shit, that, uh, instead of running around blaming me, that this whole thing might just be, not, you know, not just such a simple, but uh--you know
What if nobody stops for us?	Oh, they'll stop, all right. It's a matter of knowing how to hail them
That's the idea, Walter.  It's the only way to gain recognition. All the big art critics and art dealers would be there, it would be an event.	Yeah then you could unload - sell this stuff for a lot more
Oh, I'll be fine.  Got my chair, got my window, I'm great.	Mmkay
It will be human and it will look like this.  But when it comes it will know everything I know and everything you know. That is something from my planet that I want your baby to have.	I told you it's impossible for me to have a baby
She is guilty.	No, sir, please... she is innocent..
Hilarious. No, I just keep all of my old comics down here, and I want to show you one of them.	Oh God, you're one of those guys..
Why is everybody up at sunrise?	The sun is setting, Logan.  You've been asleep for nineteen hours
Bearing!	Bearing 327, range 600 nautical
Have you got any gear on you?	No, I'm clean
Hannah, are you telling me you don't know where James Leer lives?	Some apartment somewhere. But I've never seen it
I expected more from you.	Sorry to disappoint
The leather chair was soaked through with sweat.	All day Saturday, and all day Sunday.  The murderer would want Gould to take his time.  To have to sit there and decide. Where do you make the first cut?  There's a gun in your face... but, what part of your body is expendable
Nice meeting you.	You as well
...Everybody wants the job.  No one wants the authority. Except Hendricks.  Fine.  He can go out there in that precious boat, and when he looks whitey in his big mouth he can just call me.  Call me in New York...tell him to kiss my ass....	They have no right to treat you like that.  You've given them every- thing.  For four years, you've protected this town, the people on this island...
What did you say?	You're not a team player
We'll pack up everything and send it to you.	I got dry cleaning
Won't come out, eh?	No, he's very upset about something
But you hated four out of the five you did.	I was here six years.  And I only hated two
Ain't no new Negroes in this town I don't know about. What she look like? You sure that wasn't Denver?	I know Denver
No. Dr. Larch will be performing the procedure.	Ah, well... okay. Good! I just wondered..
These supplies...?	Muskets and uniforms and Bayonets
So how long have you know Meurice?	About ten years
How could I expect you to tell me something that I wouldn't even tell myself?	What are you going to do
You're not one of those agitators?	What
That's the usual?	Don’t let the girly shit fool you. It'd blow your shorts off
No.  No way.	But it's..
I've been looking for you.	Why me? What do you want from me!
He was right behind me !	Who was that guy anyway 
I have my reasons.	Anastasia's grandmother is in Paris.  We're going to bring Anastasia to her - in Paris
Why aren't you at work?	I've been going over and over my experience last night. It was amazing.  I've decided I'm a transsexual. Isn't that the craziest thing
Well, you do reside their at 1425 Fremont Terrace?	Yep
Forget it. That's past.	No matter what you say to me Salvatore, you are my bambino
I don't know who you are.	What do you mean?  You said you wanted to see me
Captain=8A	I don't want to hear anymore about it. I'm not going, and that's final
24 Trident missiles.  Eight MIRVs per missile.	That's 192 warheads... And how powerful are they
Better than you know, Bat-boy.	What're you really after
"""Four-piece Cook's special deep fried with side n' slaw it's OUT RAY-GEOUS""!"	"Yeah, well ""Cook's"" is just a made up name. When they originally opened back in 1922 they were named ""The Coon Chicken Inn"" -- that's an early painting of their first logo"
You don't ravage the countryside, devouring maidens and burning the crops?	Dlagon not like that.  Dlagon is spilit of life... spilit of stlength and goodness
Rain's coming.	Thank God
Hey, come here, Sob-sister!	Nope, I'm through
If you get it back in one piece.	It's a risk I'm willing to take
Oh, serious questions tonight.  Of course I love you.	Like a sister
I'm talking to you, Tita!	Can't I have anything to myself, dammit?
It's my belief that Dolores was doing exactly what she'd been doing for years.  Besides, the school board's insurance on Dolores is minimal.  A few million at the very most.  The really deep pockets are to be found in the town, or in the company that made the bus.	You think someone else caused the accident
Don't you trust your own eyes.	They said you were dead.  They said..
Sure. We can practice talking.	Okay
Joseph Harbin's body was found in the coffin.	What did you say? I'm sorry..
And you're giving it to me?	It's all yours, baby
Bobby Cooper.	"""Bobby Cooper."" What brings you to Superior, Coop"
But you always let me....	Not today.  Come on, Thea...
Is that supposed to frighten me?	You're spoilt because you're an only child. You need a brother. Or I do. I'm weary of you both
Well, why would she want a sun dress? She's got spots on her shoulders and varicose veins.	So will you, someday
Seems to be information about a factory in Vancouver.	Yeah, Colleen mentioned it.  What do they make
Listen to me, Garry.  Please...	If the weather clears enough before we reach anybody -- I'm sending you and Doc up to MacMurdo..
Seriously, I think we should get married.	We been through this before-
What does?	The dark inside me
Marie -- look at me -- there's no time for this --	He went out the window -- why? -- why would someone do that
I was just saying, you know? I didn't get paranoid when you didn't want to make love. I could have easily assumed that you didn't want to because you were having an affair.	But I'm not
Not really.	You know how I feel about what you do
All right.	And you're gonna lose.  And I'm gonna get you - you betta run fast! Look out - I'm coming in close. All right
"<u>Fag..a</u> <u>fag</u> <u>you</u> <u>say!?</u>... <u>""Curst</u> <u>wolf!</u> <u>Thy</u> <u>fury</u> <u>inward</u> <u>on</u> <u>thyself</u> <u>Pray</u> <u>and</u> <u>consume</u> <u>thee!""</u>"	Fuck you
So tell me, what happened between you and the emperor?  What really happened on the German front?  You know the Senate's arguing your case...	That's their job, isn't it?  To argue.  So, I think my case will be long on talk and short on action
Actually, I saw the greenhouse. So I thought... I thought I'd come out here and take a look at it. You don't see one of those every day. It looks like heaven...	Heaven
Exactly. I don't know what I'd do without you.	Uh Brock, today you are without me..
Oh, this is terrible... Please go on.	Well, she was a very tempting siren, Father. Built like you wouldn't believe. So I gave into temptation about a block away from the wedding reception at this little motel that charges by the hour
It went real good.	Well, that's good. It's about time to eat and you know what I'm cravin'? Some of that take out chicken. Why don't you run get some of it, honey, for lunch
She was taught to love the life of others... but not her own. You have to teach her to love if you want her to truly live!	I'll help her, I promise, but I think you should tell me where the Stones are
Where's the girl?	She's a little hysterical right now. We've got her upstairs in a laundry room
You have modest wants. I like that in a man.	And what do you want
That's it?	We think he might be making a reference to drugs?  Miss Emma is a street term used by junkies for Morphine
I'd rather spend the next twelve hours Outside than another five minutes in this can. This ship is bad. It watches you.	What
I don't think that's a good subject for jokes, Mr. Hoag.	But I'm not joking
You know the difference.	Look, we're okay now.  We just had a nice time.  Let's leave it at that
Suppose she is -- I have feelings, too! Do you know where I've been for the last couple of hours? Locked up in a police station and she didn't move to do anything about it.	Ts! Ts! Ts
Forgive me, please. What a gracious thought. We must do that.	When
I was just saying, I'm going to cable Downing Street, see if I can't stir up a few shillings - Katharine's mother and the PM's wife are best -	Darling, for goodness' sake
That's the second round I've lost tonight.  That fellow hurt me.	So have I
Who's in it?	Heathcliff, Jackie Gleason, and in the role of Catherine Earnshaw, Lucille Ball
Magruder's conked out.  Adrenaline injections, oxygen tent.  He may come out of it and he may not.  As a source of quick information, we can't forget him.	We don't need him
Won't you please join our club? Please?	Honey--Alcoholics Anonymous takes all the time I've got--and Harold Ryan is an individual I would rather forget.  He drove me to drink.  He drove his first two wives to drink
Yeah.	So we're working
For me.	For you..
You're just on a higher plane, Wilson.	Too bleeding true, 'n' it
I look stupid.  I look stupid, don't I? I look like I'm trying too hard.  I was going to get a haircut but then I thought I'd look like I just got a haircut.	This is a good letter, Dad
I can't.	I'm thinking Dorsia
No.	But, this could be serious
Darling, this would be wonderful! Just once... weren't you attacked by a Bolshevik?	Was I? No... not by a Bolshevik
The nerve centers -- the brain --	But what makes a thought start
Nineteen!	Yep. There was a major league scout there watching me, too. And he came down after the game with a contract. Do you know what?  I couldn't life my arm to sign it. But I'll be okay again as soon as I get it fixed up
I never should have listened to you.	Ohhhhhhhhh, how I hate you
John N. Mitchell, while serving as US Attorney General, personally controlled a secret cash fund that--	--jeeeeeeesus-
No.	SIX FUCKIN' CAR LENGTHS... THAT'S ABOUT A HUNDRED AND SIX FUCKIN' FEET, MISTER! YOU WERE FOLLOWING TEN FEET BEHIND ME... IF I'D HAD TO STOP SUDDENLY, YOU WOULD HAVE HIT ME. I WANT YOU TO GET A DRIVER'S MANUAL, AND I WANT YOU TO STUDY THAT MOTHERFUCKER... AND I WANT YOU TO OBEY THE GOD DAMN RULES. FIFTY FUCKIN' THOUSAND PEOPLE WERE KILLED ON THE ROAD LAST YEAR.  CAUSE OF FUCKIN' ASSHOLES LIKE YOU. TELL ME YOU'RE GONNA GET A MANUAL
I looked in the library. They got covers with nothing inside them.	What were you doing in a library
Makes me want to hold on and never let go.	I love you
Yes.	Okay. Hope no one hits on you
Reasonable? Reasonable? Jake ... You're gettin' me angry.	I love you when you're angry
And what's the occasion of this celebration?	It's my birthday
It was horrible. He called me up.	Who
I'm not losing the bet. It's just taking longer than I expected.	Do you mind if I take my new Porsche for a ride
Uh -- to kill the doctors?	After that.  You promised you'd always take care of me
Dad, I'm sorry.	You should be
Well, it's up to Suzie.	It would be nice
How's my little cheerleader? Now I know everyone at your high school isn't so uptight, come <u>on</u>.	Hey really, I don't feel so great
Yeah - let her soak.  Come on.	Don't get burned, Daphne
No need lie, boy.  I no hurt you. Do I look like I wanna hurt you?	Well, er... no.  I mean, you don't look like dragons I've heard of
Well, what do ya mean?	Things have changed. Circumstances, Jerry. Beyond the, uh... acts of God, force majeure.
We want a sense of your overall capabilities, limitations, turn-ons, turn-offs...	No, I mean, what is it FOR?  What are you selling
I didn't shoot him when he was a man. I shot him when he was-	When he was a werewolf. Yes. Right. Jesus. Jane, you don't really believe this madness, do you
Yes. It's you Leia.	I know. Somehow...I've always known
Erysipelas.	Not too protracted, I hope
Small space?	Don't though
Nothing, sir.	What the hell is going on here
She wasn't happy.  I was someone to talk to.	How do you mean
Was I at that dinner?	You were in the m- You were in the building
[Beat] I'm not deaf.	Good
I know that. Maybe you know other doctors?	Like a psychiatrist
OK. Man in blue jeans just left by southwest door. He is entering a white van. What time is it?	Eleven fifteen
You can trust him...	How long have you been married
Yeah, well, at least fish don't use your razor or pee on the seat...	Hmmm. Sounds like you've had a pretty tough go of it with men..
Shells and lobsters and stuff?	Mostly old garbage.  Today we found a '48 Hudson
You have an interesting accent. Where are you from?	Why
Why don't you want to talk about it?	I'm not supposed to
That's what I said eighteen months ago.	What happened eighteen months ago
Who cares ?	You're right. Let's never stop..
A whippin'? That's all they get? After what they done?	Whippin' ain't a little thing, Alice
Pasen al-furgon v larguense de aqui! Take the van and go.	Sir, you can't just-
Do you really believe me?	I don't know. [Beat] I thought I was crazy after you left that day. I died. I still think I could be crazy. But then I replayed that night in my head -- the parts of it I could remember -- and it was like...I don't care if I was, or am. I haven't felt that way in a room with someone my whole life. [Beat] And when you left, all I wanted was..
You sure you want to go through with this?	What else do we do?
You're just foolin'! My name's Pearl.	Tst-tst! Then I reckon I'll have to try again! Where's the money hid
Johnny has a big apartment. We'll live there.	And we'll sell the house
You see? We can't have anything to do with John.  You and me will go down to the parlor.	Miz Jenny! Miz Jenny
Girlfriend?	...She was on the plane
This is my whole life's happiness. I have to be ruthless.	And you believe that
I want a gun.	It is not allowed
Well I'm gonna <u>start</u> doing things for you...	Will you introduce me to some worker girls
Dr. Furtwängler is a great musician. He actively opposed the Nazis and later on he helped many Jews to escape.	Then how do you explain him being made a Prussian Privy Councillor
I have some change!	Ram it up your ass
If you want to, you can call your lawyer.	These are my lawyers - all Harvard men
Oh. Well. Maybe not yet.	Not ever. Never
There came into Egypt a Pharoah who did not know.	I beg your pardon. Is that a proverb
Sure.	Will you read to me? Can we make popcorn
You say look at you?	That's correct. Look at me
Nick, what are you talking about?	We need to find a way to make me part of it
You see for me it's over. Over baby. I'm gonna turn myself in. After the wedding of course. After the wedding. Out of respect.	I don't think that's a good idea
Might want to stop and think about the safety of your students, Miss Tate.	I never stop thinking about it, Detective.  The only way in or out of this school is through that gate, and it is secured at all times
Tippi-tippi-tim, tippi-tim, Tippi-tippi-tan, tippi-tan...  Gotta dime for a crippled-up docker?	Go on, beat it
Then we have to find a safe port around here.  Got any ideas?	That depends.  Where are we
They can tell from the eyelashes, you know?  He's got eyelashes yay long.  They must be a foot long.  The older you are when you have a baby, the more likely this stuff is to crop up.	Oh
What are you trying to tell me?	What Roma's trying to tell you. What I told you yesterday.  Why you don't belong in this business
But he's been dead for three hundred...  Oh God... we've gone back in time again, haven't we?	I'm afraid so. If the Borg succeed in preventing First Contact with the Vulcans... Earth will remain in the Second Dark Age... an easy target when the Borg arrive in the 24th century
Anything.	When your first officer insists that you can't go on away missions... Ignore him
Clay Bertrand is Clay Shaw?  The guy who used to run the International Trade Mart?	Yeah, what's the big mystery? Everybody down here knows the guy
I have to finish my job --	Everything's on the fucking run! Everything -
With a Ramses graph on the binary tree--	--But what he's doing, he's attaching an edge to the adjacent vertex. He can always failsafe to either side-
Hey... Ain't we getting near the next murder site... Bri?	Forget about it, doesn't matter
It was bad.	Doesn't the dream master work for you anymore
You can't go now.	I have to
Smart. London, eh?	Ogilvie and Oglethorpe
I guess not.	Do you realize how many people would kill to be sitting here right now? Come on, it's grad night. You've got your whole life to be uptight
No fooling on base, no signs, no comments, no talk. By anyone.	Why
Don't we have any chopsticks?	Oh, right. Hold on
Maya.	Don't touch me. Just take me home
You ever try solitary confinement?	No. Can't say that I have, Richard. Richard do you know why I'm here
If you're truly determined to step out of the shadow of your husband's celebrity --	Oh, but I am
We may go out for coffee after the meeting so don't expect us before midnight.	There's plenty of fruit
What do you want, Mr. Policeman?	You got a brother up in Folsom.  I know because I put him there
I'll give you 100 bucks if you leave right now.	Is this your dad
You're shocked at the thought of Eduard tossing a bomb through a window.	I have no right to be, I know.  My experience with real life  is practically nil
...I'm not the psycho.	Hey, take a look at your situation and..
You followed me here, didn't you?	Saw you in the street outside. You seemed interesting. Is this where you live
Give us a break...	It's Ichiro.  Ich
Go! We follow thee. Juliet, Blah!	Go, girl, seek happy nights to happy days
I see.  I see the earth opening up and swallowing us all.	Yeah I know.  So what do we do
No, I mean, if it's fine with you, I'll, you know, be your date.	You'll be my date at my little sister's birthday party
No, let me!	I don't care
No, tha-that's good. It's just unusual. To tell you the truth, so many of my clients don't.	Well..
I'm not ... I'm not ... you're gettin' a bus ... you're gettin' a bus ... the jet's comin' into Kennedy ... and your wife's on the way ... what else do you need? What else can I get you?  Listen, I don't know how you can do better ... see that man over there ... the FBI guy ...	Just one more explosion like that and you're gonna see a dead body ..
I want you to get out of here, Norbert.  Harold--I want you to sit down in the chair, and not lift a finger until Norbert is gone.	Whoever has the gun, you see, gets to tell everybody else exactly what to do.  It's the American way
Uh-huh?	He told me my share was twenty-five
We already have black soldiers in our army...	Unofficially, General Greene
Once a week?	I call that regular
Excuse me Miss Daniel?	I said yes, I see
Yeah you are and you hate it.  You hate the fact that your hand is shaking and mine isn't.  That you're sweating your balls off and I'm not. You've got fear and hate in your belly like battery acid, all because of me.	If you think you can take me, quit fucking bullshitting and try it
The colt's still too small.	I'm small... and I can make myself smaller still... Small as a bee! Small as dust...!  Want to see me do it
You better go get your things.	I ain't got nothing but them books
I've been with him since I got out of school. He brought me into the CMDF, over five years ago.	A long time, with one man
-- Forgive me, Mr. Taransky.  I'm just trying to understand.  All these films, TV appearances, magazine covers, internet interviews, publicity photos, snapshots from her childhood -- all fake.  This is fake, this is fake -- fake, fake, fake, all fake.	That's right.  You understand perfectly.  I will confess to fraud, not murder
You're kidding! Like what?	Well, I'd say her vocabulary's rather extensive
They did a pretty good job.	Who did
Where are you?	I'm in my bedroom
An odd selection, Mr Case.	I prefer distrusting you. It'll keep us honest
That ain't bad.	Tell him about Baldy
Melanie, Melanie...	I'm frightened, Mitch
Where?	To the church, I must go there
A whore fucking.	Who is she?  Do you know her
Well, let's recap, shall we? You slapped all of us, yelled at me, used my head for a rag, threw me on the ground and tossed our LOVE GUN 8- track under the wheels of a passing semi.  So, if the lesson was that you're a dick with ears and a really bad haircut, then, yes... I'd say we learned it.	Excuse me, I'm a little deef-a- hearin'. Can you repeat yourself
What are they interested in...?	Wine, women and song
It's false light, Lestat. It can't harm you...	If you stayed with me Louis, I could venture out... little by little... become the old Lestat
Let's not.	I want a tape
Then why aren't you eating?	Would that I could
I'm looking for a missing person.  My name's Arbogast, private investigator...  Trying to trace a young girl who's been missing almost a week. From Phoenix.  It's a private matter... family wants to forgive her...  She isn't in trouble.	I didn't think the police went searching for people who weren't in trouble
You don't know how crazy I am.	It's ok
What's  the matter now?	Nothing... I don't like being out in the open like this
Thanks for helping us out, Ed. We appreciate it.	Any time, Al
What about the other things you've reported? --  -- being followed on the --	Look -- I'm sorry -- I've led everybody wrong. I mean yes, I get those feelings, but that's just me, that's just feelings.  I'm sure this will amuse you; I'm scared of the dark. And sometimes I get shook up, I hear people or -- well, I'll come out in the morning and think someone's been prying at my mailbox, or there's a little -- trash outside my door and I wonder if someone left it there for -- do you see? -- things other people wouldn't even notice. Well that's not real, it's just nerves; it's got nothing to do with -
It's been our experience that anyone with some sort of gewgaw on his loafers ends up being another big city reporter wanting to interview Maggie.	About her upcoming wedding and all
Good.  Vito, you trust that Mook too much.  So does Pop.	Mookie's OK
Well?	Well, we should identify ourselves
Well, I think it would be easier if I could talk to you in person.	What for
Well, Belliard, what's this?  What are you doing here?  Where is the enemy?	They are at the gates of Paris, sire
You don't ax your sales force.	No
A what?	IRA - instant retirement account
I did exist. I do exist. I'm the same person!	The person I cared about wouldn't have done this. Everything out of your mouth has been a complete lie. I don't know you at all. For all I know you could hate Dorothy Parker
...'Ace' Rothstein, accused the state's top gaming officials of corruption.	What are you running for, Bob? What are you running for
Bingo.	You don't disappoint, Doctor Jones. You're a great deal like your father
Yeah.	What's the goal, Joel?  My goal, Joel, is to just let it flow through me? Do you know what I mean? It's like, there's all these emotions and ideas and they come quick and they change and they leave and they come back in a different form and I think we're all taught we should be consistent. Y'know? You love someone -- that's it. Forever. You choose to do something with your life -- that's it, that's what you do. It's a sign of maturity to stick with that and see things through. And my feeling is that's how you die, because you stop listening to what is true, and what is true is constantly changing. You know
Beautiful trees... sturdy trunks... lots of branches...  We can do some great logging up here.	Logging? We'll need an environmental impact study for that..
Okay, so it was Jackie Brown.	If she's got it, why didn't she take it all
No.	Shouldn't I go
Come on.	No. No, I'm serious. I'm not joking. I just like you. That's all
You... in the Navy?	That's right. I'm on my way over to this officer school in Port Ranier
It's Aaron.	Yes
Get that doctor.	No doctor
"""Of the Rich and Famous"".  Of which we are neither.  Are you out of your mind?  We can't afford this."	Are you sure
An accurate number would be difficult to gauge.	And why is that
Well -- Mr. Webster! This is a great day for me. Come on in, sir. I want you to take the seat of honor and meet all my guests!	That's just fine, Neighbor Stone -- but -- I have to be pretty careful of my seats of honor -- where I sit, I mean. You see, the whole country sort of has its eye on me, Jabez -- anybody in public life has that difficulty -- even you, Jabez. They watch us carefully, our neighbors and our enemies, and they see much more than we think they do -- and understand much more. My friends all like to think that I've got the good of mankind always at heart, and I've got to make sure that those I deal with have the good of mankind always at heart, too. Do you know what I'm talking about, Jabez
Fred Duggar?	No.  He didn't say what his name was. Only that you were expecting him
Thanks.	You should thank me -- that girl was not easy to find. What'd she scam you out of-some insurance dough
Fine.	Look at me
It's getting quiet.	Just a few more minutes. It'll take them a while to get the boats organized..
Another kind of game?	In a way
So you're thinking what if I was to put you next to my dry cleaner. Ask him if he wants to invest his money in a movie.	That, or I'm thinking what if some tragic accident were to befall the widow Saffrin -
No Jonathan.	No
Very smart indeed.	Yes. John wants it
Hey, Chili.  Get your coat, but don't piss the guy off, okay? It could get complicated and we'd have to call Momo to straighten it out. Then Momo gets pissed for wasting his time and we don't need that.	Don't worry about it. I won't say any more than I have to, if that
Carrie, come on... we can leave anytime we...	No we can't. We can never leave once you start talking about tenure... and vacation pay... and parking privileges and... oh shit! let's just go to California now, right now, before it's too late
You weren't there.  Give me time to get some proof.	Please, Maya.  I'm trying to get us into the next century and you insist on this medieval nonsense
You need a meal ticket is what you mean. Some guy you can latch onto just long enough for him to get you out of here.	Is that so bad?  It's not like I wouldn't try to make him happy.  For awhile, anyway. I mean, I would ... do things for him.  I guess I'm no good that way.  I guess I tried to sucker you along like that.  Do you hate me for it?  I wouldn't blame you if you did.  But maybe it's like you said: You just got to do whatever it takes to get out
Is this how?	Terrific
Our dimwitted friends don't understand the concept of acting. They have no theater, no imagination these scientists.	We pretend..
That was easy. I read your books.	Oh, you've read my books. You do more things! What have my books got to do with it
I can't make this week's payment and if this keeps up not next week's either.	Not next week's either...listen...you tell that to Giovanni, not me
I wish she hadn't.	I'm not afraid. I know exactly when I'm going to die
But Marylin, without this, you're completely exposed.	I want to be exposed
Fuck 'em! They're half-wits and pinheads. Let 'em die on the streets, as Nature intended.	You among them
What have you done?  You've gotten the old man fired!	That we did.  Thanks to you.  He was wobbling, mind you, but you spplied the coup de grace
I'm so glad you're here Louis... I've dreamed of your coming...	Don't try to speak... it's alright..
You'll wait till you rot!	Yes.  Barney
Kay... Kay...	What kind of a family is this... are we human beings?  He knows his Father killed his Uncle Carlo.  He heard Connie
That's right.	I been hearing rumors about this new commander coming for a couple weeks now. Boys say they heard he's a real hard case. Spit-and-polish man. Full- bird colonel name of Payne, they say-- Bet you never figured you end up back here
Yeah, I had to give her free dermabrasion for a year.  Forget it, Louis.  I could get in a lot of trouble.	I'm telling you, we're all going to be in big trouble if we don't do something fast. That ghost guy came and took my friend's baby and we got to get it back.  It's just a scared little baby, Sherm
Thirty per cent.  In the first year your share would be four million dollars; then it would go up.	And what is the percentage of the Tattaglia family
Is everything getting worse?	Yes, everything is getting worse. But everything is also getting better
Yes, I heard about poor Warren. Tragic.	You were partners with him on some Slag -- uh, Newcomer real estate thing
Just relax.	Switch the charts
Yes.	You can kiss them if you want. Fell them . They're getting hard
No, no.  I was wondering...man oh man. I think I feel like a bit of a scum-bucket doing this, considering that I came here as an officer of the law and the situation and all this but I think I'd be a fool if I didn't do something I really want to do which is to ask you on a date.	You wanna go on a date with me
Something wrong?	I'm a little dizzy..
Hello, Sam.	Hello, Miss Ilsa. I never expected to see you again
She makes ten.	Ten?  No.  I remember this case.  Three. He killed three women
No one else in here?	You're here
Can I undress and talk at the same time?	Right
Mother...	What do you think I'm after, Mrs. Cook
Oh, Sean --	The funny thing is, I started to believe he really was my Dad
Now then, Johnny-O; pay me.	For what
How'd <u>you</u> get in there?	Stu... It's a <u>party</u>
The song.  Are you sincere with me, Fredo?	Sincere.  What are you talking about, of course I'm sincere with you, Mike
Oh, I wish you'd forget about that. It was all so long ago. I've totally gotten over it.	Okay, okay..
Eli. Why can't you remember their names?	They're weird names
I am, really.	It's just she's been the focus for a while
It's where you belong.	Not with my Acrophobia, Midge. If I dropped a pencil on the floor and bent down to pick it up, it could be disastrous
Because of your information I alerted internal affairs to check out Detective Gordon. I had to keep on with him as if nothing was different. He slipped off on his own when he found out we were going to raid Frank's place.	Does Dorothy know her husband is dead
Well who did?	I don't know
I'm not going to hurt you. PLATO Why did you run out on me?	We didn't run out.  We were coming right back
OH WOW. YEAH. THAT'S GREAT. YOU CAME, YOU CAME. What are you doing?	I'm calling you, I'm standing in my hotel room, I came because I have my business trip -
Who do you think did it?	Mimi..
Ed... I'm sorry.	Yeah? That's good. Sorry is good. You know I finished that model
1985.  Hans Korshaud.	He's in his seventies and lives in Holland
But, Dad, we...	Megan, take your friends back to the camp.  I'll let you know if I hear anything about your counselors
Oh, my God, Ray! What are you doing here?	It's the sequel
Good idea. Meantime, try to get a feel for Catherine Martin. Her apartment, her friends... how he might've stalked her. I'm going to the other two clinics, Minnesota and Ohio.  Now's the hardest part, Starling. Use your anger, don't let it keep you from thinking. Just keep your eyes on Catherine. We've got less than 30 hours.	Mr. Crawford... can those cops down there handle Dr. Lecter
This here's a fifteen-cent loaf.	Would you--could you see your way to cuttin' off ten cents worth
Shit.  I think I started a fire.	If our feet get hot, you grab the piano
Yeah, nobody puts 'em away like old what's-his-name.	Winston. His name's Winston
I think you can. In Catcher in the Rye Holden says his ideal job'd be making sure some kids don't fall off a cliff. He doesn't realize if you pay too much attention to the kids, you'll back off the cliff yourself.	Very very. The photographs
I don't know, yet.  We'll just have to watch our chance. When it comes I'll know what to do--I hope I'll know what to do.	I still don't know what ever made me go steady with a crackpot writer like you
I don't know.	No, that's really it. Thank you for answering my question
That's what it says.	How did you manage it
-- hey! --	-- ten
Then you wear it.	C'mon now - give a little nod to Mayfair tradition
And Boot-Head.	That's Butt-Head. Don't you get it, Beavis. These dudes have the same name as us
Daniel, just forget Argon.  Let's get out of here.  We'll find another way to stop the waste.	We don't have time to argue, Susan
Thank you.	It's all right
How many times have you gone unprotected?	With four of them, I didn't use any kind of protection. Wait, maybe it was three
We might as well start a fire.	Go ahead.  Get in training for the pioneer life. I'm finding the nearest body of water and climbing into it
Drugs can help suppress symptoms. But lots of patients stop taking them when they're on their own because the side effects are so harsh.  And, Michael's condition is often worsened by periods of stress. He's been in and out of...	I don't want to hear anymore
Well, I was just down on my luck and it seemed like somethin' I was good at so I...	No, I mean how would you do it?  Do you just sneak in real fast or hide out till the store closes or what
They are here!... Your jewels!... Here in Paris!	Alexis! Do you know what you are saying
You don't wanna be noticed?	Exactly.  Hey, how 'bout this -- what if I don't have any lines?  I'll do the part mute
Look, Mr. Bebe, you can hold me to my contract, but you can't break me. I'm back, and I'm gonna make the best of it.	I'd like nothing better
He'll be looking for another apprentice.	I hope he doesn't pick on Jonathon
...<u>nothing</u>...	Precisely
I want you to follow Bud White.	Even I'm not that crazy
Yeah, how did you know?	I just know, that's all. I remember you from Central
You know, you've been very nervous lately.	I can't take this anymore
Have you ever tried to develop it?	I don't know what you're asking
- - the undigested state of the berries because it's - -	- - totally incidental  unrelated to the feeding pattern - 
I've been given a cease and desist on all matters relating to Jerry Fletcher.  We're not to discuss him with the press, the N.Y.P.D., anyone.  Building police are to arrest him on sight and we're to report any attempt he makes to contact you.	This doesn't make sense
...I need to make a phone call.	Do me a favor, Al
So keep painting.	Yes, Boss.  If you're so smart, why are you here with me in this basement
told him  --if I'm wrong about this girl, you can take away my teaching certificate!	Wow. You believe in me that much-
Can I open it?	Sure ..
Good night?	Not particularly
And you were the last one to talk to him.	Yes
You know what Lauren and I were fighting about that night? She had a secret, wouldn't tell me...	My father
The lights come up, you pull the switch.	I pull
How you doing, man?	All I get are the Orientals. They can build 'em, but they can't drive 'em So? What are you doing here? What's with the outfit -- 
Oh, yeah.  They gave me a clean bill of health and then booted me the hell out.  No expense account.  No place to live.	You'll find something.  -- I should go.  You and me, seeing each other, someone might put two and two together . . 
Doesn't look quite fair.	Which way do you mean
We've got to help each other.	Even Paulie, since he got out, I hardly see him
Then why did you take this job?	I used to sing with male bands. But I can't afford it any more
I am looking where I should to become a bride!	A bride without a head
All stop, sir.	Descend ten thousand meters. Stand by photon torpedoes
Hey, Captain God!	What did--
A ship,	It is clearly Federation in origin, Captain
You know what they say about men who need big guns...	Hey. Some Klu Klux Klan homeboy gets in my face, he gonna have a few extra holes in his bedsheet
Yeah... He was lookin' for you.	You talk to 'im some?..
What color is that hedge of yours?	Green
What kind of a life is that?	He told me one time what the proudest moment of his life was. He made Eagle Scout when he was twenty-nine years old.  Oh, Norbert--promise me that Paul has not gone into the park
I bet you if your master would have told you to fix the hole in the roof, you would have rebuilt the whole damn house.	You always got the best of it around here and when Dad always talks about my son, it is always you, so you fix the roof
No one has ever dumped me.	I'm not trying to make history. _ 67
...Shut up, Sue...	I know for a fact you haven't, because you never shut up about it. You're like a little whiney bitch..
I know, I know, it's just -- he's back on the street, he smells blood.	You know how he is.  He goes on these binges, kills a couple of thugs -- then he's satisfied.  It blows over
What are you gonna do, pull the trigger?  Kill us?  Go ahead, man! <u>Shoot</u>...my ass.	Slow down
I can't handle it. I can't keep my feelings bottled up like you. Can you honestly tell me that you feel nothing for me? ... Tell me!	I have feelings for you
What?	That he be cremated and his ashes thrown on Roseman Bridge
You're Farmer? Oh... Well, look, they took your stuff out. Moved it to some hotel, I think.	What
That spoke to you?	That called ... commanded ..
He's gone.  It's over.  Please don't die, Nancy.  Please.	I'm so proud of you all.  Tell Neil I..
How're you feeling this morning?	Fine... fine
Well, you've done so much... what's new?	The curtains. I made them myself
See and raise five.	Five and call
Jonas?	It's his show for now.  Look, you want to get some dinner?  Inter- Agency cooperation and all
Yeah, we have.  You corrupted my four- point into a three-nine-five.	Indeed I did.  But, our relationship. It's progressed a lot.  It's time for us to...express ourselves in new ways
We've got to have a talk, you and me.	All right, but later. I've got a meeting now
He seeks redemption.	You're a fool
You're right. I remember Grandpierre looking through it. But there was nothing in it -- at least, nothing that the police thought was very important.	Can you remember anything at all
More this way.	Okay.  Give me the drill
What'd you want?	There's something I think we need to talk about
I said don't worry about it.  I'll get one of my kids to fix it.	How did you know...
Will you introduce me to some worker girls?	You bet!  They'll really go for a sensitive guy like you
Apparently, this project is--unique. But it's heavily protected--all formulas are heavily codified!	What the hell is it, anyhow
Thirty-five bucks.	Tell him he can keep them. The Bellboy looks puzzled
I guess.	And it didn't stop you from wanting to protect them.  Did it
Yeah...the guy was psycho - I was just tying to protect the girl...	Did he harm the girl
No.	Ever heard of the Sullivan Act
What is it, Smythe?	Pardon me, madam - but what am I to say to the newspapermen
I just wanted to be sure you were O.K.	Never better. You sleep well
You're right.  Thanks for the drink.	Any time
... just wanna be a good mom, a nice person, a decent citizen.  Just wanna take good care of my kids.  You know?	Yeah.  I know
I'm not sure... I might have.	Well,  let's say your mother was in the car and you had to get her to a hospital.  You'd do it then for sure wouldn't you
That's the key to the city of Pasadena, which Mr. Lebowski was given two years ago in recognition of his various civic, uh.	Uh-huh
Is that the manager?	Unlock that door.  Check the aisles
You have to go with us, Wes.	Really?  What is that, an order, <u>private</u>
The blood came from somewhere, Peters...	There's no one here, Skipper
Yes.	Don't you think that's a little psycho? A little weird
Sit down, Gino!	No, Caesar, gimme the gun
Tell me.	Your mother mates out of season
Ain't been a week and you already some nigger's whore? Gill told me. Told me how you and he... you and everybody...	Ronnie. Please, baby..
What gives?	Nothing
That's wonderful. Mm-mm. It'll change your life, a course.	Oh, yah, I know that
You got any weed?	You got the money
Then just give me one of your explanations that all three of us'll buy.	I don't...
Oh. Yeah.	You've been coming in early
You didn't hear something?	How could I?  I was sleeping
--sacred and occult Scotch Tape.	Rusty Parr had the right idea on child care
Back - Back up, back up a fuckin' minute here. One minute. I asked you?! When the fuck did I ever ask you if I could come out here?! Get this through your head, you -	You never - 
I'm not Ulo and I won't slow down. But you will listen to me!	You! How dare you?! Stop this car immediately
Yes I do...	Well--he calls it the Bermuda Triangle.  He said a man can get lost in there and never be heard from again
We're okay...we're good, Dad.	Hey, what about the Amazin's?  They pull it off
Deal.	Where
This is only part of the business, George.  A very small part.  Don't worry, there is so much more to do. Which reminds me, I need a favor from you.  I must go to Colombia.	What is it, George?  Because I have to get home.  I've got a parole officer waiting for me
Restaurant.  Let them know we're running late.	Five minutes
Please excuse this interruption.	Oh, brother..
We're about ready to go here. Are you ready?	Let's do it
Oh.	I've got a gig tonight
You're married.	No
Right first time.	I can understand THAT. Neither do I
Sure, like I'm gonna take advice from you.	I told you ... sooner or later you'd have to trust me ..
Tell me ...  what do you do with witches?	Burn them
Tom. Tom! Tell me, what's going on?	I give up
The recent past.	Oh.  Bigfoot gets his out of a can
Well...	Let's not fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down. At best, let's say I've been oversensitive to... well, to the fact that she's so young - so feminine and helpless. To so many things I want to be for Bill... funny business, a woman's career. The things you drop on your way up the ladder, so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you go back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman. Sooner or later we've all got to work at it, no matter what other careers we've had or wanted... and, in the last analysis, nothing is any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turns around in bed - and there he is. Without that, you're not woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings - but you're not a woman...  ... slow curtain. The end
Dante, let me grab a Gatorade.	If you grab a Gatorade, then everybody's going to grab one
I'm not interested in what you think.	You've no right to do this to her, Mr. Cluett. Why don't you think it over? It's only gonna get you into a lot of trouble
I don't know anything about this. Well, I mean, I know a <u>little</u> about--from a certain perspective. My point is, I don't want to do anything foolish.	It's a little late for that
You and Kevin.	It wasn't suppose to happen, I don't know what to say..
He's a gambler.	Is he a winner
I love you.	Bye
I've got an extra jacket behind the seat, if you want to put it on.	No, it's okay
Barbara Jean.	What
So, what's our first plan of attack Santa?	While I was in Taiwan negotiating the solution to our labor problems, I came across a factory that illegally manufactures the most addictive, Jewish pride weakening substance on the planet. I bought the entire plant
Terry, I'm frightened. More and more frightened.	I'm looking for Charley. I heard Charley was waiting for me.  Charley
You should know they're tenacious when they want something. And Pinta wants to be friends.	You're paying me to protect her, not amuse her. Right
Hello, Stevens ... you're early today.	Yes, I wanted to get here before the others.... I want to talk to you alone
With the pearls?	With the pearls -
German. Mine, too. So who do you think's given more to the world, the Germans -- Beethoven, Goethe, Nietzsche -- or the entire continent of Africa? Ibos, Bantus, Mandingos...	Danny, what about the Jews
Judy, it can't make much difference to you. I just want to see how you'd look and I know it won't be the same, but --	No, I don't want any clothes! I don't want anything! I want to get out of here
Good day, Doctor.	Good day, Major
Really?  You told your father what you told me?  You let him see your passion for acting?	Yeah.  He didn't like it one bit but at least he's letting me stay in the play. Of course, he won't be able to come. He'll be in Chicago on business.  But I think he's gonna let me stay with acting.  As long as I keep my grades up
No, we're just going down.	We gonna crash
I told him...Showed him the newspaper. About Sethe. Read it to him. He left that very day.	You didn't tell me that. I thought he already knew
Your back, it would seem perhaps you were injured in battle?	Five years past me clan fought another over some- thing I cannot even re- member
Just listen to me.  If I said to you --	"""-- I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet,"" yeah, yeah, I hear you -"
I'm in San Francisco five days a week. With a lot of time on my hands. I'd like to see you.  Maybe we could go swimming or something. Mother tells me you like to swim.	How does Mother know what I like to do
What's that?	That's my own theory based on a Mexican food called the burrito. I had it once when my parents took me to Disneyland
OK.	You don't got a headache
STUFF.  Got a light?	"What kind of ""stuff?"
Try and get my old job back at UNESCO, I suppose.	Doing what
Good fighters.	That's not what I meant. Was there someone special
I said I got his machine.	No, what did you say on the machine
You happy, baby?	Yeah.  I am
An apprentice for thirty years.  We've noticed your people's mental discipline. Did that develop here?	More questions. Always the explorer. If you stay long enough, that'll change
Of course, yes.  If you'll excuse me just a moment --	"I have a message for you from your ""niece"", sir"
One thing, anyway--at least Penelope didn't throw out all your crap.  I bet Alice threw out all my crap after I'd been gone a week.	We'll see
Yes. He's a good kid. Maybe a little messed up.	Well, I'm sure with the proper guidance he'll be fine
Fifteen minutes ago, where were those cards?	I'm sorry
Uh huh. So. We find Vernon, we find the car. We find the car...	...we find the jacket
As far as the world was concerned Andy Stone, the head of the Teamsters' Pension Fund, was a legitimate guy.	This is a very auspicious occasion
Tom, come here a moment.  I think this canvas report is about ready to go out. Check it out with Andy, and if he okays if, have a copy made for the campaign headquarters in every county.  And don't forget to add the new photo releases.	The senator's white paper is almost ready, Bets. Should we wait for that
That's not an answer.  What is it you want?	You know what I want
Get the grader. Go out 29 past Toby's. Don't let Lillian get to you. She didn't belong here. That's why she left.	Fuck you
I ain't a damn liar.	Your mom was real quick to show you those pictures, wasn't she? Well, she was nineteen when she got pregnant and don't get me wrong, you're the best thing in my life, but she knew I wasn't ready for no marriage
What a trip, man.	I don't really know anything about it
We seek to undo the curse.	Gonna make ogre-stew
I get real busy between two and four.	Okay
She leaves, somebody'll be on her.	But you're not going to stop her
Yeah, but I like the sun.  I grew up on a reservation.  The sun, the desert; they were like a religion to us.  Jake's the same way.  He loves the desert.  I guess we're alike that way.  That's about the only way.	You love him
Why, I ain't hardly touchin' you!	You're *ticklin' me!
Did there come a time when all the children had been picked up?	Yes
You're a part time lover and a fulltime friend. The monkey on your back is the latest trend. I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.	Here is the church and here is the steeple. We sure are cute for two ugly people. I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you
Hey, hey, hey. They're playing our song.	We're on the move
I'm working it!  Nothing's happening!	That's impossible, man!  Okay, Clark, out of the john where I can see you
That is correct, Comrade Skrapinov. We have ascertained that Gardiner heads a big-business power group that will soon be taking over the American government.	Big business. I could work with that faction quite nicely, Colonel Novogrod
I really think you're	You wanna commit suicide, fine! You got some death- wish, fine! But you will not drag this company down with you
Why not?	As I say, she's... something of a recluse.  That's how she's able to stay so pure -- by isolating herself in her art
It is like trying to a pick a lock with a wet herring.	Tell me, are you lately humbled in the act of love
Yeah, that's fascinating, but I'm just a fat, dumb cop lookin' for a psycho killer--	There's an infinitely greater danger. If--  Listen.  The only thing Octavius cares about is repeating his experiment.  To do that, he needs a radioactive catalyst, SL 270
What the hell...? Bork! That bus we picked up. Where was it headin'?	D.C., Chief
What are you doing?	What does it look like I'm doing
Yep.	Don't do it.  Don't aim at the head
Why? What for?	It could be extremely useful to jog his memory. See if he remembers anything new the next day. And I'll have the test results back in a few days
I suppose you don't believe me.	No
He's afraid of you, Harold.  He knew you'd want to fight him.  He doesn't know anything about fighting.  He hates pain.	And you, a supposedly healthy woman, do not detest him for his cowardice
What's the crazy man saying, Lord?	The dogs have a scent. My scent. Someone must have given it to them
Who?	The son of one of his colleagues. Don't act that way. We'll talk about it later. Wait for me Thursday at the Cinema Paradiso. I'll be coming with the five o'clock bus
Do you favor its publication?	For sale? To the general public? Certainly not; it's unprintable
Pretty old.  I'll be twenty-two in August.	That's a ripe old age -  What do you do
Mr. Soze will be most -	Listen to me, cocksucker. There is no Keyser Sate. If you say his name again, I'11 kill you right here
They're getting awfully close... what the hell are they doing?	We're crossing the threshold
I love you, John.  I always have.	I know, Mom.  I know
That's what the police thought. I told them I'm unemployed, how could I have anybody work for me? Now I bail out Jackie, I'm liable to have the police on me again, huh? Wanting to know was she doing things for me, was she bringing me that money!	Was she
And the Lord told that man --	Yes! Yes
Who is who?	A professional, whining, con-person bitch with an ass the size of Africa .
And you think it's worth all this?	If I didn't, I wouldn't put you through it
Her name is Kristen. She disappeared a couple of months ago.	And your wife? Where's she
And why, please tell us, would you think that?	After, after the operation, when that poor girl, she went in a coma. Dr. Towler called me in. He told me he had five difficult deliveries in a row and he was tired, and he never looked at the admittance form.  And he told me to change the form. He told me to change the one to a nine.  Or else, or else, he said...  He said he'd fire me. He said I'd never work again... Who were these men...? Who were these men...? I wanted to be a nurse..
Yes.	So, tell me about your day, Donald
Well, I'll just make it for you.	Okay
Why so vague?  Why so evasive?  He could be somebody hot.	Not our problem
Yo, Johnson...	You think this is funny, Carter?  You send for someone from Explosives!? Four men just died in there
You being audited?	For the last four years
Oh that one there, in the corner.	The one up on the third floor
That goes double for me.	I don't want to live any more
Now, Miss. What do you want with twenty zombies when you got a twenty gun salute looking you right in the face.	Oh, yeah..
Sandy, you have to chill out, at least two-thirds of the kids in our class are still virgins. He can't butcher all of us.	There will be a lot fewer by tomorrow night
I hate her. I hate her guts, the bitch.	Larry, you and your wife got problems
All right –– all right.	Hurry up . . . hurry up . . . hurry up
No. She must agree of her own free will.	Never
I know you are.  Very serious ... most of the time these days.	Now what does that mean?  My daughter wakes up with a strange man in her bed, and I'm supposed to think it's amusing?  That tie's God-awful.  Why do you wear it
You ought to write these stories down.	Nah. I've tried. My writing's too technical, I think. Problem of being a journalist too long is you stop giving yourself permission to invent. I better just stick to making pictures
No. I don't mean that. I just meant in general.	Oh
Yes... I suppose so.	Go back to your own time
Jenny was supposed to come to my place that night.  She called me, asked if she could come over.  She and Terry had been -- having some trouble.  Lately.  I don't know about what.  On this occasion, it reached some sort of crisis point.	She told you all about my details but not about his.  Lovely
Max offered to stake me.	Yeah, well Max offers a lot of things. And I got news for you. He's not the sweet old man you think he is
Watch it! Compressed air -- you screw around with one of those and Boom! Careful, huh?	Real fine stuff but it won't mean a thing to Mr. Whitey, of course... he didn't go to schools in electronics. He was born with what he does best. Eat. He's a swimming appetite. 'Course he might eat this stuff, but then I've seen him eat a rocking chair, too.  Next time, ask me
Oz.	You ain't from Oz.  Oz is in that one movie
Well, I think you're cute.	Oh, thank you.  Is she always like this
Do you love him, Loretta?	Yeah, Ma, I love him awful
Till it's not funny any more.  What do you want, Jack?	You know that Super Bowl party?  They changed the date.  It's on <u>tonight</u>, eight-thirty
Thank you.	Thank you for the drink.  And the rose. Wow.  That's ... really nice
Well, it's Iraq.  I'm not sure, but I'm guessing that has something to do with them being here.	What are they doing in the middle of nowhere
What?	Tina, you don't have a forehead, you got a eight-head
We?  There is no we in my world now, Vincent, just me.	I'm going with you
Who didn't?  Big news.  Out of Brazil, wasn't it?	Yes.  That's my case.  Now it's yours. All the corpses were badly mutilated in a very particular way. Decapitated.  Brains extracted.  Limbs torn to shreds.  It looked like the work of a large animal, but there was no sign of an animal on board
They catch you smoking tobacco, they'll stand you up against a wall and shoot you.	Tobacco today, sex tomorrow. In three or four years, it'll probably be against the law to smile at strangers
No, please.	Sit down then. We often have a double up here
Who with?	A Mr. Summers and a man called Lother
What in...?	Captain Clayton...Captain
My, my--you sho' are pahwerfully upset, Mister McGann--but you' awfully cute.	Yeah? Well, when I get my hands on a red-headed doll with a southern lingo, I'll-
You don't even remember...	I never forget anything, dickhead. That building was a sweep-and- clear; the bitch was a nuisance with her goddamned petition.  It got a little rowdy... end of story
I'm the man.	Okay, baby. Let's flip for it. Flip this
Neither can I.  What do you think they're doing now?	Making things real rough for Hal
The movers--	Yes--I know. This path, Louis? Where does it go
Nothing's changed.  Then again, something has changed, hasn't it?	Things worked out.  I made some money over there, had some laughs, you know. It was good
She spoke?  Susan spoke?	Full sentences.  As if she had been speaking all along
Wait, wait, wait a minute... that doesn't make sense.	What doesn't
Really?  Well, I uhhh...	First of all, if he kills you, he's not gonna get any more money out of you
Hey, Nick?	Huh
I don't know. Bank teller. Sounds like ladies work to me.	Well, maybe I should dig around in other people's clothes for money. It's obviously been highly successful for you
Perfect, George.  Perfect.  Everything is fine down here.  Everything is all set up.	Do we need a plane?  How does this work? When do I see you
"By the time I'm at the Belt, you phone and say, ""How are you?""  Forty-five minutes later I reply, ""Not bad.  How are you?"""	I guess I'd better have something important to say if it takes that long to get an answer
Wait -- wait -- don't get up tight -- what I meant was we'd need a whole drum for that --	Sit down -- we'll talk about it
Get me a collar and leash. I'm taking him to the infirmary.	He's vicious, Doctor. Besides, it's against the rules
You're making a scene!	Why Waldman? He of all people should have cheated death
Apparently they're refusing to acknowledge signal to return to spacedock, sir.	Signal Starfleet that... we have no idea location of Enterprise
Really?  What is that, an order, <u>private</u>?	You have to go with us.  You can't walk back..
What about us? I'm moving away your staying here.	No, maybe not though. That, that's what I'm trying to say
What's going on, my friend?	You tell me! You got a sniper up there or what
Thank you. Your father is a smart guy.	My father is a genius
We'll get those English pigs tomorrow.	Aye, we'll get 'em
Excuse me, missus. No time for the old in-out, I've just come to read the meter. Slide of bird's nest with eggs.	Good. You can do whatever you like with these
Buffy, the ape-woman.	Seriously, Buffy.  That look was way twisted.  What were you thinking about
For instance... me and my friend Bucky are buying out my boss. His equipment, trucks, client list, the whole shmear.	What does that have to do with... 
Where were you?  Don't tell me. It's just under seventy, right?  The sun is strong but the air is dry and fresh...	Would you please get your hands off my face, Tallulah?  What happened to the newspaper
What's the problem?	I'm camera shy
...No, please.	Please, Mr Crane, it's OK, please-
Lula? I love you, baby. I just want you to be all right.	I am all right, mama. That's why I called, to let you know. I gotta go
Are you limping? Why are you limping?	Hub? Oh, well, that's part of what I need to..
She took them kids with her?	Heaven only knows what unholy sights and sounds those innocent little babes has heard in the dens of perdition where she dragged them
Oh, I need your notes from the classes I missed.	Well, I've missed a lot of classes myself..
Umm, yes.  She was driving.	"He said he took it to a motel in Oklahoma City.  He also says that at that time he met a man.  He identified you through a series of mug shots.  He also told us that you and Mrs. Dickinson seemed ""close."" Is that true"
Must be fun. But the point we want to make about Henry...	I'm sure we could find a date for your team. Why don't I take it up with Henry?  Thanks for the drink, boys
Colwyn, don't be a fool. You can't do battle with that thing.	There's no way to outrun it. You know that. This is what Ynyr was preparing me for. It's what he died for
Sweetheart...	Don't call me that! Don't call me anything
Can you wake up Loretta? I need to talk to her.	She's not home yet. Take off your coat and come in the living room. I'll make you a drink. I wanna talk to you
I hope you're right, but my guts are telling me different.	Your Spidey senses tingling
Did Christmas come early this year...?	"Better than that.  We become partners.  Only in this territory and only on loads we run. And you don't pay us three thousand a ki.  You pay us zero.  Why we get is thirty percent of the load. Product or cash.  ""And why,"" you're thinking, ""would I be crazy enough to out in these gringos like that? Is he chipping?  Crazy for my love? Too many mojitas?""  And the answer is, ""of course"" but also ""no.  It is because Sonny can deliver what no one else can."
What happens now?	The carryall will come and lift off the spice harvester. Try and get in close over the harvester... you'll find this interesting Sire. -- The Duke accelerates the ornithopter in the direction of the harvester. Paul can SEE..
Naturally you didn't learn your lesson.	I guess I ought to stop seeing woman as victims
I'm a good worker, Betsy mam, a real good worker.	If you talk to Tom, he'll assign you to something
A fan club with a worldwide membership in the millions -- also bogus?	Oh, no.  The fan club is real.  But they were worshipping computer code -- ones and zeros
Took what?	It's a sacred stone in a shine that's supposed to protect a village
Loretta, never have kids.	Well God-love-ya for thinkin' I still could
It's not a food baby. I took three pregnancy tests today. I am definitely up the spout.	How did you even generate enough pee for three pregnancy tests
You know so much about killing why don't you do it yourself?	I guess I have what you'd call a love-hate relationship with Grace
... but a two-thirds majority ...	Be quiet!  I order you to shut up
What did you tell that girl?	I told her you were a big record executive and you were thinking of signing that band to your label
So, how are you?	Have you slept with him yet
Oh God...	I snuck back to my car, trying to convince myself it never happened.  And when I woke up in the hospital...somehow it hadn't.  Until now
Sit down and stop being such a child.	This from a girl who still plays with dolls
Marla, it's me.  Have we... have we ever had sex?	What kind of stupid question is that?
Don't be evasive.	Margo, you haven't got any age
I don't know. I haven't decided yet.	Why don't you pick some other spot? It gives a man the creeps to be stared at all morning
I don't know what came over me, talking back like that.  I must be going crazy...	Sorry I got you in trouble.  But listen, you can share my rations
Michael, anything.  What is it I can do for you?	I want you to settle these troubles with the Rosato Brothers
Murder.	-- there is a serious question as to whether -
You ever think maybe you have a family?	I thought about it.  I don't know
Me, he won't stay on the phone with for five fucking minutes without bitching.	I'm trying to help somebody. Okay
"But you call this room the ""temple""."	Just a nickname
Don't you see what she's doing?  She needs you to kill me.  She's planned it that way from the start.  That's why she phoned me tonight.	You called him
...and the White House is hoping to keep a lid on it for a few days till they figure out what to do.	Thanks a lot, Buddy
Lindenmeyer developed neural connectors that tap directly into the nervous system. If the simulator isn't calibrated properly, experiencing death in this level of VR is like experiencing death within a dream. The experience becomes real.	Simulations are supposed to give participants practice in realistic, dangerous scenarios while protecting them from the risks they are exposed to in the real world
Because she was afraid.	Afraid you'd take Mitch
It is not.	A coin's got two sides.  When you flip it there's a fifty-fifty chance it'll be heads or tails.  Boyd thinks if you flip a coin ten times half the time it'll come up each side
I did it on my own.  I did this all on my own.  I ain't laying it on anybody.  Nothing on anybody.  I'll tell you something, though, it's about time that I squared away my accounts... you know.  I am squaring away my accounts with life.  Maye this whole thing is gonna end, somehow.  Maybe it'll just end! Maybe I'll just close my eyes and the whole fucken thing will be over. That would be all right too!  I said... I thought I would square it away with you... you know?  That I would get you down here and that I would say so long to you... or, if you wanted... you know, to take a trip...	What trip
Hello, everybody.  I'm the bass fiddle. Just call me Daphne.	I'm Josephine.  Sax
He's back, Col	Hi
Actually, it's been about three hours. You're the one thinks that car's so damn fancy.  What you expect but fancy damn prices?	That's a Ford, not a Ferrari.  You going to tell me no one else in this shit hole drives a Ford
-- Merely in the interests of order.	The formality of a trial would be too costly for them.  They're beginning to understand that it's the ensuing news of our actions that incites support
Men who wear glasses are so much more gentle and sweet and helpless. Haven't you ever noticed?	Well, now that you've mentioned it 
Julianne, reading my son-in-law's mail, is not something...	Sir, this is important! Haven't you ever in your life cut one corner, to make something important turn out right
I was in love one time but she said I wasn't financially reliable enough. And she needed that.	By she, do you mean he
What does he do?	He's an organic farmer
Where do I find you?	I'll call you tomorrow
You think they're going to catch... where are you going?	Down the street
"What's ""cynical""?"	"It's when you say, ""Everybody else cheats why shouldn't I?""  But I don't -- I don't <u>hate</u> -- him. I... loved him once, Joey.  Very much.  I just got... tired.  Maybe it wasn't all his fault.  He... What's happening?  Oh, my God.."
I'm yours.	Y'know, Annie, I been thinking if it works for one game, maybe it'll work for a whole buncha games
You're acting like a school girl.	What else can I do? Keeping this up is no good. He's bound to find out sometime.  At least I can save him that 
A little bit. Is that good or bad?	It's an improvement
They skipped that step.	I guess it was a little too inconvenient. So for fourteen years, this stuff flowed into the groundwater, free as you please
What, Lewis?	There was a sort of carpetbag in the ship
Visible panty line. Max, she is gorgeous.	Yeah, she's a ten, Max, and that's great for you because you're-you're used to twos, aren't you
Father.	Not unless you have a paternity test to prove it
Good decision.  All actresses are mad as snakes.	Tony -- what do you think
Cram criminals together and what do you get - concentrated criminality... crime in the midst of punishment.	I agree, sir. What we need are larger prisons. More money
Ah hell we can always do that. Listen believe me, once we get to the moon, your tone is going to change.	How is it going to be different from this?  Go see some boring footprint under glass
Come clean, Betty.  At night you weep for those lost closeups, those gala openings...	Not once.  What's wrong with being on the other side of the cameras? It's really more fun
Just give me a direct answer!  You going to stop me from going, Dad?	You know I never stop you from anything.  Believe me--you're at a wonderful age.  In ten years you'll look back on this and wish you were a kid again
You like music?	Yes -- it's stimulating -- a man might -
Bad boy....	I didn't do it on purpose...
What's in Memphis?	Who knows?!  That kid is totally meshuga
Mon Captain, it's for you.	Hello
Hi, I'm Honey.	Where's Czech girl
How about our last jay?	Good call
He got hit by a bus.	No! Bad luck! Your Ma and I been married fifty-two years an nobody died. You were married, what, two years, and somebody is dead. Don't get married again, Loretta. It don't work out for you. Who's the man
Yes.  I'm sure he's hoping you'll pack me full of prozac so he can live out his life in peace.	Do you really think so
I don't care for him.	He's your brother
I have thought about it, yes.	You bitch. I knew it
I'm gonna hear it tomorrow.	You gotta loosen up, my friend. You'd feel a hell of a lot better if you'd rip into the occasional customer
Did to.	Did not
I know, I know.  This never happened.  You don't exist.	Right..
Yeah, well...maybe you better talk to one of these others, okay?	Sonny?  Don't send me away!  I can help you save your soul ..
What's your offer?	Five bucks an hour. That's the going rate, isn't it?  It's a quarter past two now. My wife's picking me up at five-thirty, so that'll give you about three hours. If you can't finish today, you can do the rest tomorrow
I found a room.	What did you say
What's that?	We're gonna stay out of your way tomorrow night
Poker's not your game.	What is
I'll fuck you up, you don't hand it over.	<u>My hands are taped to the fucking </u> <u>steering wheel!</u
It's a big religious thing with her and she won't even discuss it.	But she expects you to marry her
Maybe some of us don't need this crap!	And it's the Hubble Telescope, not the Himball Telescope
I never paid for it in my life.	It's better when you pay... they let you do anything
Edicon system made these.  Ages, photographs.  We use it to find missing children.	He's not that old yet.  You've lost confidence in me
Let him try it.	The law is the law. Good-bye, Mary
Can you make him stop!	Mind letting me make the best of a rotten situation
She's pretty.	Thanks
For what?	Charlie Bronson's always got rope
The preacher said it absolved us.	For him, not for the law! I'm surprised at you, Pete. Hell, I gave you credit for more brains than Delmar
What is it Keaton?	Something - I don't know.  I ever tell you about the restaurant I wanted to open
I don't understand.  How can you part with it?  It has always been with you.	Too many men have died at its edge. It only looks pure because blood washes so easily from its blade
You will.	Pay is so damn low. I don't want my kids to grow up like Barney's
Where are you off to young lady?	I have a book report
Stay? They lived together all their years?	Oh, yes... I think..
No bother. Mother and Father think I've joined you. I might as well.	But -
Hello?	Mrs. Christian, Tom Welles here
I'm here.	Grace, listen to me.  In the trunk of my car is a rope.  It should reach down here.  Got get it, throw it down and I'll climb up
"That your... ""theory"", ain't that what they call it?"	Yeah
It's time.	What about the others? Shouldn't we wait
No, of course not.  And since the show runs 24 hours a day with no commercial breaks the staggering profits are all generated from product placement.	Yes, everything you see on the show is for sale - from the actors' wardrobe, food products, to the very homes they live in-
What are you? New? Let me tell you how good this guy is. Last night, Al calls this bookie to settle up. Apparently he's been ducking him for like a month. So the guy asks him where he's got all this money all of a sudden, right? What does Al do? Does he tell him that he cashed in a fucking Bar Mitzvah bond? Does he tell him he's been giving head out back for twenty bucks a pop? No... He starts going on about this job he just pulled and how he fleeced some Wall Street asshole-type... How HE fleeced.	You're pissed we didn't get credit
Andy... uhh... this network has a long-standing policy: The viewer must be able to see the program.	But it's only for thirty seconds
Maybe go back to school.	Wow
She's missing. We've been unable to locate her or the vehicle they took her in.	Whoever they are -- this goes right back to Dallas -- it goes right back to the bombing -
I hate him.	I know.  It'd have to be a pretty big deal to get you to mainline tequila. You don't seem like the type
You bit someone's nose off?	Yes!  Don't let's get into this thing where I have to repeat myself
Sure.	Brunello di Montalcino, '85, please
What's up?	Shhh
No...	Look, Jimmy, you know, I haven't seen you in eight years, you show up to my door like you're on drugs - now the least you could do is tell me what the fuck is going on
Shit, Skinny, we got railroad barons an' cattle barons, but you' re gonna be the first of the billiard barons.	...They been fuckin' 'em, 'an tellin' every bow-legged one of 'em how they're payin' a thousand dollars to whatever sonofabitch kills them two boys which cut up Delilah
...Two...	...o-o-o-eieee-ooooeeeooooo..
Why do you hunt them?	Habit, mostly, just like this
I thought we were dead.	Yeah, well, we're not
He's lying.	You two-faced-bastard
What was yesterday?	Tuesday
The radio rig is inside.  It runs directly from the geothermal generator, so power shouldn't be a problem.	Good
Is this your house?	Oh. I'm sorry. Gideon, what do you say
Do you care about me?	Of course I do
Nothing about you.	Then what
The idiot speaks.	Although Mr. Huntington makes an excellent point, I have to wonder if the defendant kept a thorough record of each sperm emission made throughout his life
I see. He does talk loud.	Gordon would not have sent us to Deer Meadow without thinking it was a high priority situation
It's obvious that the girl doesn't want to accompany you, isn't it?	Look fella...this is private..
How the hell did you know where the bedroom's at?	What are you talking about
Where is he, then?	Listen, get the fuck out of here before you get hurt.  Who the fuck do you think you are, waltzing in here, asking questions
But he hasn't.  He wandered off.  I know it's terrifying.  I can imagine how you felt when that call came -- But it happens.	Not to me
I said, do you want some water?	Oh... no thank you..
Don't be such a baby.	I can't take him
I didn't say I was good at it.	Oh shit! There he is
What was that??	Hostage negotiations
Oh migod!  I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to do that.  It was an accident.	What are you doing up here
Five to three. You’re early.	Should I come back in five minutes
There is no reason to assume other people were involved.	Your clients were arrested with a walkie-talkie; they didn't need that to talk among themselves
Turn in the car.  Clean my desk, explain things to our sons, then maybe get shit-faced and punch your boss.	I'll give notice
You're living.	Just for revenge. That's what keeps me going. It's all I have
They took my body, but my spirit... they left that here. In the boards, in the walls. Watching the world, but not able to TOUCH it.	And the blood let you out
No, haven't heard of it.	Thought maybe Sparky and Buddy'd taken ya. Come on, I'll drive
It takes hours to get a drink around here.  There's only one waitress.	I can go to the bar
It's not in the river, is it Harry?	Answer me
Thanks!	Where's Shane
I-I never expected anything like this to happen...	Yeah, well... me neither..
As Mayor of the Munchkin City In the County of the Land of Oz I welcome you most regally	But we've got to verify it legally To see..
This is my business.	Why don't you go and chase yourself
No -- just there -- on the first level.  Don't look for us. We'll see you.	You don't seem quite sure, Jessica.  Can you do it? Will you
Shelby! We need people out here at Cosgrove and McCammon right away!	Don't worry, Chief
You know how my tapes sell.  People eat this stuff up.	I had three jerkoffs trying to return your tapes last month.  Do you know how bad a skin flick has to be for some jackass to come back into my place with a fucking receipt, and try to fucking return it
...-ta get outta here!	Vitelli! Vitelli
Maybe I'm not going to keep you here.  Maybe I'm gonna blow your brains out.	I'm no lawyer, but I do believe that's a violation of my rights
It was a stupid thing to do.	It was
Dignan. Good to see you. Good to see you Applejack.  Who are you?	This is Anthony Adams, Mr. Henry
A hair.	This one
I don't know, what else is there?	I know!  We can take the gondola ride
Z!  Over here!	Barbatus
But I want you to. Please. Please will you believe me.	Goodnight
Well, that explains it. Anyone could develop an obsession for the past, with a background like that.	But she doesn't know, about her background.  She never heard of Carlotta Valdes
Don't worry, George. Nothing's going to happen. I'll fall right into line. I'll be the good little boy that everybody wants me to be. I'll be the best little Foreign Secretary we ever had, just because I haven't the nerve to be anything else.	Do try to sleep, Bob
I love it here.  Don't you love it here, Ryan?  I love it here.  And I love tonight.  And I love these people.  And this feels utterly fantastic, Ryan.  Utterly fantastic.	You know what Sally Therrian was saying about your spine and your brain?  She didn't pull that out of thin air.  It causes brain damage.  You'd better drink a lot of water
Says her name's Wild Goose Flying in the Night Sky...but she'll answer to Look since it pleases ya...	Look
Troy? Is he your husband? Or a boyfriend?	No
Don't stop. Keep moving.	Yes, mustn't stop
I want to get out from under all this for good. And I want to fuck them all doing it.	Then I gotta say, in my opinion, you can't get what you want
Look, it's none of my business, so you can tell me to butt out, okay?  But if you want my advice, you'll send Billy away to stay with relatives for a while.  Just until you get yourself straightened out.	I don't know, Jim..
Not ready? Where is she?	Be patient, my lord, she is dressing
Mookie, if your friends can't behave, they're not welcome.	I got no say over people
What's her name?	Irena
Yeah, like people in love.	Are you having boy trouble? I gotta be honest; I don't much approve of you dating in your condition, 'cause... well, that's kind of messed up
Okay. I'm delighted to have someone to talk to, and you're very cute, so I'm very flattered, but I'm also very married so you may as well forget -- You are trying to hit on me, aren't you?	I'm such a heel. How'd you guess
And only you can become a Queen?	Well...no, but -
It’s not.	Well, I’m sorry. I...  This is my nephew... And my brother, Tim. I’ve got the week off and he’s come to stay
I've got to go see Gruber.    What's the best cigars you have?	Give 'em a box of Macanudos
Yes.	The date's not set yet. I'll call you. One last thing: the man you're going to catch cheating, he may get violent. But you know how to deal with cheats
I'm sorry.	Italian
Diane, I've loved you ever since I first saw you -- right before you kicked me in the head.	Oh, Jack..
But just until you recover your, uh,... equilibrium.	You're still a little... disoriented
Who?	Claude Serrault.  A.K.A..
Is that right?	I'll play ball with ye. I reckon if neither one of us is no count it won't make no difference
Serve the nuts - I mean, serve the guests the nuts.	I'm afraid you're lying, Mimi. You see, I really did see Wynant last night
They said go see the chaplain.	I'm sorry but I have to go
Can I help you?	Is Kate here? Does Kate live here?
Why not just steal another one?	Too risky. We don't need to get pulled over because of a stolen car
He's very pale. Covered with scars.	Would you like to tuck him, though? In that car
Good evening, gentlemen.	Good evening, Captain
So I am an old garbage bag, put inna street.	Oh, Catherine, please! Don't make a tragedy. You come to my house where you know you be happier yourself
Could you tell me what 'kendo' is?	Japanese stick-fighting.  They're trained as kids, y'know.  To kill with sticks
Oh, probably just a picture request. I'll take care of it if you want, Lois.	I don't think 'fan mail' fits this letter.  Read it, Clark
So whaddya think?	Well, I'm not really sure what you're trying to say. It's funny, I suppose. But it seems glib and facile to just make fun of how idiotic these people are
Good thing it ain't workin... Reed, what are we doing here? This guy's fast-food, strip-mall science --	This wasn't our first stop, in case you forgot NASA. And Victor's not that bad. He's just a little...  Larger than life
Sure, Sid.	But not no more. Now people take advantage. Bowling ain't what it used to be. There's something evil spreading in this sport - like a big, gigantic, puss- ridden 
I'm not protecting anybody! That hearing was a farce. What have I done?	You're a menace! A walking pestilence. I do know who you are, Taylor. As I know that others of your kind must live in the Forbidden Zone.  You have just six hours to make a full confession. After that I'll employ surgery to obtain one.  Guards
I just wanted to test it first.	No!  Change me back into a sor- ceress, Willow
Thanks.	Black
I'm fine, babe.  I'm gonna take a little walk.  I need a minute.  Let's forget it. My life didn't pass in front of my eyes. So, it probably wasn't that close.	Probably not
Pow?	Pow
Absolutely.	It's his life insurance money, you know
Shut up!	He'll kill me anway, Sam, shoot though me and kill this fucker
We must run in different directions!	We don't split up
I gotta go.	Will you hang on just a second
Geronimo.  When you're really in love, you'll jump.  Off the top of the Empire State.  Screaming 'Geronimo' the whole way down.	But you'll die.  You'll squash yourself.  What's the point
What are you talking about?	Bud White grilled me on it this morning.  You know, he's not as dumb as I thought
May I ask you a question that might sound strange?	Yes
The woman passenger on the boat that blew up.	Oh
Hey. Stinky. Kitchen's closed.  Whatcha havin'? Six library guards, raw? Plus belts and boots? Man, you're gonna need some heavy fiber to move that out --	Red, I found something -
Now, what did I do to deserve this?	Come on, at least try one.  It took me two hours to make these
We give them something. We tell them we'll remove the missiles from Turkey say, six months from now so that there appears to be no linkage. We also tell them if they go public about it, we deny it and the deal is off.	And we do it under the table so we can disavow any knowledge of it
There are opportunities in life for gaining knowledge and experience. Sometimes, in some cases, it's necessary to take a risk. I got to thinking. I'll bet a person could learn a lot by getting into that woman's apartment, you know, sneak in and hide and observe.	You said it was a strange world. And you're the strangest part of it. Are you crazy? She is possibly involved in murder. This gives me the creeps
Fat Lou, bring the ship to the following coordinates. Call Grendel, have them power up the labs, we're bringing in the find of the century!	Now wait a minute! I don't think you should open that door
Here, here, what's all this jabber-wapping when there's work to be done?  I know three shiftless farm hands that'll be out of a job before they know it!	Well, Dorothy was walking along the -
Oh, look. Another day in paradise with Julie-your-tour-director...Miss Psychotic Episode.	Hey -
Edward Rama?	Eduardo.  Rama
Yes I do!	Then you're dumber than I thought! All you'll get from their kind is pregnant
What do you think? Custard or Cheesecake?	They're yellow
Grow up, stop being such a baby.  Other people get through a lot worse.	Yeah, sure, what
What's going on, Kay?	I don't want to rattle you, but Dee was here for the War of the Worlds
Shouldn't you pay the cabbie?	Oh . . . Right. . . I'll be back in a flash
You lame Taylor?	What
A comedy! What will my hero be but the saddest wretch in the kingdom, sick with love?	An excellent beginning  Let him be…a duke. And your heroine
You're sure?	Go ahead
You were lucky today, vice boy. Captain said to leave it alone, but just remember, I'm watching you.	I'm sorry, detective, but you're just not my type
What?	Track bunnies.  Rats.  They're usually around
We can't carry all this.  It's too heavy.	I've been carrying you our whole fuckin' lives
... what?...	That headboard
Where's your car? I'll walk you to it.	I took a cab
Who?	My brother.  He fell out of the old beech tree.  Broke his neck.  I was on a camp out.  They started going at it, throwin' things, a real knock down...  They didn't find him 'till the next morning.  They didn't even know why he was up there
I despise it.	Well, I don't suppose it offers much to the casual visitor. Unless you're thrilled by a collection of shacks on a hillside. It takes a while to get used to
Excuse me?	We've heard lots about you
Sure	Thing that bothers me now, though, looking back is that I really think I could have been something ... special
Now that's teamwork.	I should have let him kill you
Well, look, I have to go. Gotta' get up early and waste some more money on my overpriced education.	I didn't mean you. Listen, maybe..
Where are you going?	The Corruther's house. That's where Jamie lives, that's where he'll go
It's as smooth and slick as oil.	I detest comparisons made with oil
Mr. Wayne ... a reminder:  Tonight is that loathsome party, hosted by that odious Mr. Shreck.  May we RSVP in the resoundingly negative?	I'm tempted, but ... well ... it is an occasion for celebration, and ... umm ... Selina will probably be there ..
It doesn't matter. There is no exit visa for him.	Louis, whatever gave you the impression that I might be interested in helping Laszlo escape
I didn't know you could fly a plane.	Fly... yes. Land... no
Finch!  Where were you last night? What happened to the foolproof plan?	I thought a fashionably late entrance would enhance my appearance.  When I got here, the Bacchanalia was over and the nymphs had left
You heard it?	You're the best one in your row
Never won a race. But it got me in with the trainer. We'd have a thing, I don't remember, some fucking thing. The jockey would raise his whip, it meant the fix was in, we'd all go running. People get greedy. First they bet small, they keep their mouth shut. Within a month's time, everyone and their brother was in on it. The odds would drop, I mean you could watch the goddamn board. It looked like a fuckin stopwatch, the odds would drop so fast.	That's why they call it the smart money
Well, either you are, or you aren't.	Right
Yeah, I think a woman.	The next trip, when I come with all the money, it'll look like I hand it to the same one I did before..
Brrr.  It's colder than New Hampshire in here.	I'm sure you kept warm
That was before he lost my carpet cleaning van.	He'll work it off
Washington?	They want in.  Seems our friend here was hardcore CTU
Sounds nice ... Once you get used to it.	Yeah. It does
Jack...	Pro bono.  You don’t get paid at all.  Nobody makes a dime.  Well, bravo..
I was just beginning to wonder. Aren't there shops, restaurants and things?	Well -- and things -- might be a better description of what you'll find.  I'd better come along and show you the town
No.	I keep seeing Dan Fawcett's face.  They have such big windows at the school.  All the windows were broken. In Dan's bedroom. All the windows
Was it Venza?  Did you get him?	No
That's your line for tonight, ya know.	What, good-lookin' sumbitch
Yes? No. What?  Save the patter for the tourists.	You want me to let him in
Well, I wouldn't call it an elegant profession. It's in a lower social scale. People look down on butchers.	I don't
Let's face facts.  This was always a no-go situation.  Anna's a goddess and you know what happens to mortals who get involved with the gods.	Buggered
Do you want me to come up and tuck you in?	That's okay, Mom
Don't be afraid!	Daddy, please!!
I wouldn't want you as a friend.	George just never really...aimed that high.  Even with not hitting a rabbit.  I knew you were doing that, by the way. That's why I stopped doing it with you. You were no fun.  It was always like you were frightened.  Quiet and boring
I'm not finished.	We're all going to be if you don't hit the brakes
Tha's your problem.	Who do you like in the opening game, Sam
I'm much obliged, Mr. President, for your concern about me.  However, I happen to be concerned at this moment with the matter of extensive oil lands belonging to the people of the United States, and I say that if this lease goes through, the property of the people of the United States goes into the hands of -	You've made your point perfectly clear, Mr. Kane.  Good day
Darlin', I'll take a taxi to the hotel. You and Brother can handle the girl's epizootics. I'll just say one more thing.  Rose, I told you you had a friend in Mrs. Hillyer, didn't I, that she would fight for you like a tiger?	Yes, sir
Only one thing to do, Hank. Drop the whole business quickly.	How
I don't know...	I want his name
Call me later.	You sure you want me to
These people are putting our whole reason for doing what we do... on the line!	Lowell
Why you gotta be an asshole Chuckie?	I think you should establish a good line of credit
Poor color composition, lousy use of space. But that shit doesn't really concern me.	What does
How long after that was the paralysis complete?	Nearly a year
No, sir.	It's haunted just the same
Good - I've got to dash -  Say that I said hello to ELLEN for me would you...	Yes - of course
How?	I've got a theory. Look. If I can get used to heights just a little at a time... progressively see
"I know. What do you think I felt when you said, ""don't be soft?"""	Jerry, I want you to be soft. You are soft -- inside -— where it matters. I wanted it that day too, but didn't dare tell you
That would be some trick. He's already dead. That's what this other letter is.  From his attorney. He left most of his things to mama and requested...	What
*                     CBS said they'll give us four minutes.  They thought the Russian was a nice touch.	I always wondered if my freshman Russian class would come in handy
It is over.	I am so sorry, Mr. Henslowe. I wanted to be an actor.  I am sorry, Will
So, where'd you go today.	Around
You know you were putting yourself in a potentially dangerous situation, but you didn't bother to find out how dangerous before you leapt in. You don't have the faintest idea what's going on on this island!	What do you want to do, Ian, lock her up for curiosity?  Where do you think she gets it
-- Where have you two been?	Us? We been... moonlighting
C'mon, Ray, everyone hates the Army during Basic. I'll tell you straight, I hated it here.	You did Basic here
Did you see that shit? Motherfucker.  You let in fucking Screech, dude? I'm waiting and you let in Screech?	He's on the list
How do you do it? I mean with all peer pressuring that goes on in high school. Where do you get your strength?	I know this sounds corny, but whenever I feel temptations of peer pressure, I...  turn to God and he helps me through the problem. Call me an anachronism, but it works
Is that what she said?	If you're trying to get me to say that she was a bad woman and hated me and didn't want me but that's not true, she was a good woman, a saint..
For?	Top Hat
You -- you burned up the island, for a one-time chance at being spotted?	Exactly
Well, I -	Don't tell me your toothache is bothering you again
What if I told you your patients are in real physical danger from their dreams?	That's a new one.  Is that what they're teaching now at Stanford
I hope that it's nothing serious.	He has never gotten rid of the malaria. He is usually up and at it the next day. I'm going to make him fresh chicken broth
What are you gonna do now if you don't have to dig of dinosaur bones any more?	I guess we'll just have to evolve too
You mean, you think I'm cracking?	No.  I didn't say that
I was looking for a pattern.	That breaks my confidentiality stipulation
I just want to talk.	We have nothing to say! You are a rotten bastard, that's what
I didn't know you were so kinky.	It's time you found out
Good morning.	Well? How do you like it? It's Turkish. My hairdresser tells me everything's going to be Turkish this year
If I was a cop, a real cop, I'd have busted you a long time ago.  This isn't about you, it's about the job I have to do.	And what job is that
Sure. We'll save the formal announcement for when you're out. I already told your mother. I hope you don't mind.	No, no
How about you? Will you be alright?	I'll be fine... Are you a writer, Mr Fink
You can call him Baby-bear, he loves that...	This is Cooper, what the hell do you do on this ship, anyway
That wasn't a fucking restraint.	Actually, that's exactly what our equipment is
Look, Snoop, I don't know what Glenn promised you or what you think you're gonna get, but the deal is me and Buddy get half of whatever we take from Ripley, understand?  How you and Glenn cut up the rest is up to you.	Let's go outside and talk
Yes. I told you I was your number- one fan.	I'm getting to believe you
James. This is my editor, Terry Crabtree.	James'll know about George Sanders
What do you want?!	Shari, I'm just really sorry. Look, I know this is... unbelievably awkward, but if I could come in for like a second and -- you know -- just say... two words, then..
Someone should check him out. Maybe a collection somewhere got knocked over.  He has one, he might have two.	You see that desk?  _Your_ desk?  You see the crap piled up on it
No.	Falling
I couldn't let you wear black on sailing day, sweetpea. It's bad luck.	I felt like black
Of course, Dick Grayson, ward of the fabulously wealthy Bruce Wayne. Why would you need a few hundred dollars?	Hey, what's your problem
Drink this.	Whip it out
There's a list.	Really
The?  Who the fff--	The Gundersons.  It's a wandering daughter job.  Bunny Lebowski, man. Her real name is Fawn Gunderson. Her parents want her back
Corporal, I want pulse cannons there and there ! Rifle teams, spread out along the ridge ! Sugar, bring up that flame thrower !	Fleet's pulling the battle group back to safe distance... They'd like us to knock out those batteries, sir
You can't do that yourself?	Hell no, I can't do that myself.  I'm blind.  Can't you see that
He crept up these stairs and made his way into this room.  His sister's room. Right here. Where it all began.	What makes you think he'll come here again
He's more than a patient, Doctor; the Marquis is my friend --	You keep strange company, Abbe. But if you truly have matters in hand here -
You're gonna have surveillance all over you.	That's why you don't make a move till I come out of the fitting room
What happened? Somebody givin' you trouble?	No, it's nothin'... I'm all right
Fer von mir aus gehen sie zur gansalt aber mich lassen sie aus mit der politzei.	Now, hold on
Geoffrey's not in Cairo.  He's not actually a buffoon.  And the plane wasn't a wedding present. It belongs to the British Government.  They want aerial maps of the whole North Africa. So I think he's in Ethiopia.  In case you were counting on his sudden appearance.	And the marriage - is that a fiction
I had to -- for all I knew you could have been in on the whole thing.	Well, you know now, so please tell me who you are
How <u>you</u> doing?	Great.  Network news, Washington... I love it.  What do you do when your real life exceeds your dreams
Your reprimand made quite an impression I'm sure.	What was going on in the courtyard the other day
This woman's an institution.	I don't care what she is. She's an institution, that's the problem. She's lazy
I don't wanta fight you, I wanta thank you.  Let's have a drink and forget this--	God damn it, you fucking virgin prick--step outside
It's tough to find a good job without any kind of training.	Look, I told you I'm not going to college
Yes.	Yes.  Oh my, I suppose I should call them again. They said three o'clock.  Maybe it's the traffic. I'll call. Would you mind waiting
Sometimes I'm all jumpy inside.	Well, can't nobody get through nine *months* without sorrow
Our destruction?  Who?	The son of Skywalker.  You must destroy him ... or he will be our undoing
Physically, it's not a very demanding job.  The only thing that can get a bit trying up here during the winter is eh... the tremendous sense of isolation.	Well, that just happens to be exactly what I'm looking for.  I'm eh... I'm outlining a new writing project, and eh..
Abrams...	Abrams. Yes. How are you today
I'll have to see what the visions say about that one.	You didn't have another vision..
I'm walking there Kris.	Walking where
I cannot ignore the verdict of my council.	Surely you can do anything you want
Don't look so glum, Viktor.  It's not a death sentence.	No... it's life
Did you know that Jefferson has proposed a law in Virginia aiming at an absolute separation of state from the church?	I think I heard that
You sure you won't come with me?	And leave all this?  Not in a million
You said the firemen and the boy were found in the temporary offices of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Why?	According to the newspaper, FEMA had been called out to manage an outbreak of the Hanta virus. Are you familiar with the Hanta virus, Agent Mulder
Is it you?  If I said Moose… I look different, fuck, why shouldn't you?	Moose
This is cute.	Yeah, real cute. The storm is fake, but the lightening is real
Right!--but it doesn't have to apply to you--Keep your eyes open for anybody wearing a lot of cracked ice and give me the office.	Now you're talkin'
I love my blender.	They didn't take the silverware
So do I.  I want to be ready... You have to be ready... It has to be there, in your mind.	The shot
Yes, Patrick?	Bring us an ashtray for Mr. KIMBALL, please. She whisks in with a crystal ashtray as they sit in silence
She was at the Four Seasons last night, man. But you shouldn't worry about that.	No, I'm not, I'm not worried. I'm not worried
I see that you're expecting.	Oh, yes
I'm a dentist	And how long have you been a dentist
Had no choice...  ...Given the situation.	I know.  Least you didn't shoot all of them
It's Monday morning.	It's not Sunday? I missed you. You shouldn't leave me alone
Well, you know, I-I-I...you know, if you want me to, I'll read it.	Oh, gosh, I don't know.  Well, could I come over tomorrow and read it to you
"Under impulse power she expends fuel like any other ship. We call it ""Plasma"" - I do not know the Klingon name for it, but by any name it is merely ionized gas."	Well, what about all that atmospheric equipment we're carrying to catalogue gaseous anomalies
No.	Petty thief, six months imprisonment Kingston Penitentiary, 1937
That was Isla Nublar. This is Isla Sorna. The second island.	I didn't know, there were two islands
Because you got my ID. Now brace yourself. I'm gonna try something with your glands.	You leave my glands alone
And if we have to go to Siberia...	I'll send you a muff
What are you going to do!?	This is about power and you haven't got any. There's nothing more you can do. I'm sorry. Thanks for trying
No.	You don't
You're to leave immediately for Fhloston Paradise. Retrieve four Stones from the Diva Plavalaguna. And bring them back with the utmost discretion as possible. Any questions'?	Just one... why me
About what?	"""About what?"
Well. . . yeah.	All right, get out.  Both of you
Daddy, come up and sing the baseball.	I'll be up soon, Little Chief
He's better off this way.	Nobody's better off this wav
What's your damage, Heather? You ruined my...	God, I'm so sure. Don't blame me, blame Heather. She told me to haul your ass into the caf pronto. Back me up, Heather
Uh-huh.  Still practice a lot of medicine?	I'm on the staff of..
No. I - I'm just curious, you know. I was wonderin' how much he would put into a thing like that. That's all.	I'm told it's worth about a million dollars, maybe more
Just don't take any course where they make you read Beowulf.	What?  Hey, listen, what-what do you think? Do you think we should, uh, go to that-that party in Southampton tonight
Where's the doctor -- the undertakers?	She could be under sedatives, sleeping.  He's in the room now
He was married?	At first
You mean here in the city?	Yes, yes
Sir, I took the call.  It's my case.	Edmund, you don't want it and you can't have it
Benjamin -- I thought I made myself perfectly clear about this.	Look, we'll go out to dinner and have a drink and I'll bring her back. Because it was either that or a dinner party for the two families. And I'm afraid I couldn't quite handle that, if you don't mind. I have no intention of ever taking your precious daughter out again in her life. So don't get upset about it
Is MOM... in there?	No!  It wasn't like gore movies at all!  IT WAS REAL
I am sorry, it's so embarassing.	How about you? Will you be alright
Haven't seen a ball like that since '69.	It belonged to my dad
Uh-huh.	So I got the state lookin' for a Ciera with a tag startin' DLR.  They don't got no match yet
We shouldn't even be talking this way while the case is still open to appeal.	I'm not appealing the decision
"""Then have my lips the sin that they have took."""	"""Sin from my lips? Oh trespass sweetly urg'd. Give me my sin again."
I have to consider, I mean, as the mob guy, this is another man's wife I'm sleeping with.	And after all, you have such morals
A mining colony.	A Tibanna gas mine.  Lando won it in a sabacc match, or so he claims. Lando and I go way back
...the coroner's report showed Mulwray had salt water in his lungs.	Hollie was always fond of tide-pools. You know what he used to say about them
We have a memo here, from your friend Mr. Krendler at the Justice Department.	I am all attention
I'm afraid our furry companion has gone and done something rather rash.	Oh, no
God, you're so obnoxious! Our work happens to be of great anthropological value!	Value? ... Value
Martin, uh, we've found it.	Found what
They're looking for you!--	Yeah
Hudson Hawkins gets the chair of honor.  How about a Gates-arita?  I used real hot dogs.	Weren't you the bartender at Jonestown
Seriously, you're amazing. You have everything going for you.  You're smart, you're beautiful, you're determined. You're everything I want in a girlfriend.	Shut up
Yeah, I guess. I'm just a little fucked up.	Well, let me tell ya something, gonna clear your head right up. We are officially Mexicans
It's not in ME.	Oh sure it is
Can she afford a good one is the question. Otherwise she'll be in Sybill Brand three weeks easy before the Public Defender gets around to her.	Ever heard of a fella named Beaumont Livingston
It's shit.	You approve
Yes.  He brought me in his carriage, and he will call for me at midnight.	And he doesn't care about me
Yeah.  It bothers me when cops get hurt while I'm makin' a play. I don't like it.	You might be more of a team player and a little less of a hot dog on this one, Jack
Of course I didn't tell Calloway.	Why should he help me like that? The Russians will only make trouble for him
Hi there. You took off so quick. I wasn't sure if you were okay.	Oh, yeah. Sorry. I'm fine. I just ... Had to get home early
Have they sat down?	Everybody but us
...you know?  I, uh...	You know, he's been wanting a mitt
Are you going to eat your lunch	It's all yours
Been here long?	No
We're supposed to have gold-trimmed padded seats, now they're telling me that there was a mistake and we can't have padded.	What kind of seats can we have
I appreciate your time -	Maybe you should talk to Sidney Winch. Owns a marine salvage company. Nobody knows more about the Strait
What do you think?	Oh, I know he didn't, but I wish I could find him...  I have something very important to tell him. Macaulay won't help at all.  He thinks I just want money
...What's going on with you two?	All right..
What are you doing?	I'm putting a piece of tape on my nose
How the fuck should I know?  I do know that nothing about it indicates--	The nail polish, Walter
Walter, you're wonderful in a loathesome sort of way. Now, would you mind keeping quiet long enough for me to tell you what I came up here for?	Sure, come on. We'll have some lunch and you can tell me everything
Finest governor we've ever had in M'sippi.	In any state
Yes.	Yes, Seth, I understand
How about Brenda?	New? No. We're hoping we find Grant, he'll lead us to her
What is he?	Maybe he'll show you
The country's loving it.	"The hard-core four million ""Nixon nuts"" aren't gonna go for it ... They'll say I sold out to the Communists"
"Just give yourself a little pep talk. ""Must try other people's clean silverware as part of the fun of dining out."""	What's wrong with your son, anyway
Oh.	This is the top
Mikey was looking for you.	Yeah? See ya
I'd like to have a talk with him.	It's no use, Dad. I practically threw myself at him
Want to buy a bed?	Not much
If he were still alive, maybe.	How about someone who really really liked Shostakovich
What do you care? Suppose I was pregnant. Just suppose it. You don't think I'd try to make you do anything you don't want to, do you?	No. But that's not the only issue here, sweetheart. There's a lot more to it than that
I was wrong.	Say you shortchanged me and you shortchanged yourself
I called Richard Scruggs in Mississippi...	I heard
You can’t go!	Jesus, Jack..
I'm serious.	So am I
I prefer a dose of common sense. you are proposing to head backwards in time, find Humpback Whales, then bring them forward in time, drop them off - and hope they tell this Probe what to do with itself!	-- That's the general idea
And it snuffled the ground like a dog.	Like this
Bless you, Mac. What would I have done without you?	You might still have a house
I mean was there another- I thought I heard a voice.	Oh, I had the radio on
Dil --	Tell him it hurt -
I went myself to oversee the operation. Didn't help much.	No, that one was close. A couple fellas quit after that one
Curly, where's your car?	In the garage
You got a real problem with priorities, you know that?	I really don't think that's a topic on which you have much to offer
Where are they?	I don't know, you're not supposed to see them. They're supposed to see you
Oh, it's ridiculous, who am I to make a criticism to someone like you?	I can take it, go ahead
Utah, you copy bruddah?	Whoooaaah!  Shhiiittt!  Whoooaaah
Are you famous?	Not yet
I see.  Slipping away for a little hanky-panky.	Not really.  I've just always been fascinated by Mars
The Germans are advancing on Kharkhov.	I don't know why I come here every evening, it's always such bad news
He was very ill, I stayed with him for a while.	It must be the punch, and it is stuffy in here -- I feel it a little myself. You're an angel, my dear - thank God there are still men like you around to give aid and comfort
Y'know how I got started in the fight racket?	By accident
Great.	I look stupid.  I look stupid, don't I? I look like I'm trying too hard.  I was going to get a haircut but then I thought I'd look like I just got a haircut
-- tearing me -- apart.	I know. Take some of my blood
...after a while.	And Hobbs died
But good words. That's where ideas begin. Maybe you should listen to them.	I'm trying, David
Have you ever read any Anna Akhmatova?	I love her
You've got a bunch of Armani suits, they didn't take 'em?	No
Yes.  You're not going to stick around for the farewell party?	No.  I don't know how much fun it will be when Martin Klein and Ernie have to drop off their credentials with the security guard
Oh, Rob, we're not going to go through that again.	No, no.  It's not... are you still on the pill
I don't think we ought to discuss this in front of the children.	Oh... oh... oh! I think... maybe... one of 'em... was Foster... but I don't hardly know him
Yes. Yes, someone's got to feed them.	I'm awfully sorry
I don't understand...	People in the wrong place at the wrong time.  Draws attention, which is something you avoid in my line of work.  And for <u>you?</u> You attract attention, you're gonna get people killed who don't need to be
That I got. Very good women. They sit on your face, anything you want.	I'll take some
What?	"Not ""What."" Don't need a genius to figure out ""what."" Need a genius to figure out ""where.""  He says I'm a genius, your don --  Brother! Bubba! Your Bubba!  See, if y'all don't want them to trace it back, you got to punch this in from someplace nobody'd ever think off. Some little rinky- dink operation with a little mickey- mouse computer. ROSS It's got to be someplace you can sneak into"
Kyra's gone for a couple days.  Figured I'd keep Mom company.	Who's this guy I always see her around
Do you even like jazz -- or was that something for my benefit?	I've gotten to like it. I've gotten to like everything about the way you live. It's one big love affair. If you knew my life back home in New York..
No, the deal <u>isn't</u> changed.  The Deal <u>isn't</u> changed. You can't ... what is it?  Money?  <u>Money</u>?  You want Money?	<u>Money</u>?  You think I did this for money...?  I did this for <u>Credit</u>.  <u>Credit</u>, paalll..
You've been training two years to take me out.  Here I am, the big, bad vampire hunter.  So do it.	What the hell are you doing, Blade
What?	How could you do this to me
Yeah. I... I fell asleep. I can't believe it. I --	Never turn your radio off! I thought I was gonna find you scalped! Damn it
I'm cool.  I'm cool.	Come back in a week, it will be squashed
No, I'm--	Who gives a shit about the fucking marmot
Veronica! J.D. told me you committed suicide last night!	Where is he? Where's J.D.
Come and get me, soldier --	Whatever you say, Jude..
My place faces a truck street. I've got cracks in every window from the shaking.	You must hate it
They're dead?	Yes they are
Elizabeth, this is hardly appropriate --	About the day we met. Do you remember
He's okay. They sobered him up.	Did he say what they're asking him about
I'm a what?	Or was it Bryn Mawr
Yes, Bruce -- I'm here --	I'm sorry I had to stand you up today. I'd like to make it up to you
Do I have to do this?	Come on, Sam, you know before there were malls there was 'like the ocean.
They're sparing no one, I see.	No. You were the surprise. It's been all over the prison. We thought they'd be too afraid of the English press
...and my need for The Institution...	Freud, do you know...?  Freud psychoanalyzed patients in One Afternoon
Oh, man, did you see her? Did you see her?	I got eyes, don't I? How my not gonna see something like that
I brought the girl remember?	The girl
It's common knowledge you hate children and animals. Why are you back in Metropolis?	Why? Because I want to be the first one to introduce you to a new kid on the block
What are you talking about?	Sense/Net taped a full spectrum personality construct on McCoy six months before his death. Everything Dixie was -- everything Dixie still knows exists as a digitised construct.  Of course a tape can get misplaced in a library the size of Sense/Net's
Okay, James, I wish you hadn't shot my girlfriend's dog. Even though Poe and I weren't exactly what you'd call simpatico, that's no reason for him to take two in the chest. Still, the fact remains that I'm the one who took you up into the Chancellor's bedroom. I'm the one who has to take the blame. I don't know what the hell I was thinking.	Sure you do. You were thinking: 'That's no cap gun in that kid's overcoat.' You were thinking 'I can't let that kid get on the bus alone -- he might never get on the bus again.' You were thinking: 'I've got to find a way to distract this kid.' So you did. It was -- in its way -- a noble act
Yes, I slept with him but that was a long time ago.	You're lying.  Marsh was wearing a cast on the tape.  It was right before he went to Chicago and met Miss Lawson.  He dumped you for her, didn't he
You think, in the sphere --	He acquired some sort of power.  A power to manifest things
Why?	Because I got some plans 
I didn't trust her. All that blood on the sheets. She may look sweet, but she could be a wolf in sheep's clothing. Something's weird.	That dude was torn limb from limb. No way a woman like that could have done it. You never seen blood on a chick's sheets from her period
To make me wretched in two weeks.	To love you until death.  To subscribe to all your commands
It's a whozis.	It's a whozis
Okay.  But you have to find a way to escape that thing.	I do
With a vengeance, I hated them.	How come
She didn't call anyone? Even locally?	No
A situation easily remedied.	Tie them that they may watch
And Ryan works at home.	And your phone calls are nasty and abusive.  And I've come this close to suing you for harassment.  And you're only here because we're supposed to be sucking up to you
Sha la la la That ain't no crime.	No no no no
I just had a mental picture of...	Here, pick these up
Yeah, sorry I missed it.  I guess you guys didn't know about the dress code here.  It's really kind of a coat and tie place.	It's all over the city, Pete -- well, under it actually
I just told them the local situation. Colonel Heffner's in full charge now.	You never know where you're going to wind up when you go to a square dance
I've always known what an evil mind lay behind that pretty weak face of yours —— but this, Cathy -- even I would never have believed it is of you.	Would you care to explain what you're talking about
She'd aspirated vomitus into her mask...	She THREW UP IN HER MASK.  Let's cut the bullshit.  Say it:  She THREW UP IN HER MASK
Zorin will eat him alive!	Then talk to your brother, goddamn it. The two of you don't need any advice to get into trouble
That's not true. That's not true at all. You said that your name was Georgia and you said our conversation was confidential and I trusted you and you kept calling and asking me for money, c'mon now I want to talk to your owner, your supervisor, whoever runs this, you understand. Please connect me now.	Can you hang on a second
Why?	To relax
Not that kind...  You men and your egos.	Never mind my ego. Let's talk about Mary
That country shit all sounds the same to me.	How about I pick one out for you
Stop that dog!	This is a highly irregular procedure! This is absolutely unprecedented
Don't thank me.	Thanks, babe
Yes?	You don't know me, but my name is Ed Wood.  I'm a film producer.  I'm currently in production on a science-fiction piece, with Bela Lugosi and Swedish wrestler Tor Johnson.  And I saw you here, and I thought: Kismet
Charlie Bronson's always got rope.	What
Very early. Dawn.	Of which morning
There weren't any voices.	Not even from some mental illness, as the prosecution asserts
They were grabbing her fucking ass --	Hey. I don't know, I don't want to know. Far as I'm concerned, you're a good kid. I got news, though, without you here I can't keep on your friend. I got enough people pretending to sweep
Did you cry when your father died?	Yeah
I can't! At midnight tonight, he will kill again. It's crazy!	Are you crazy? We have nothing. Let him go, then watch him. If you're right, you can pick him up at midnight. Or maybe he'll lead you to the others. Just let him go
I heard you calling and I ran after you, but you kept disappearing and I couldn't keep up.	You were behind me?  Running after me
Go you Huskies?	You bet your life
No kidding. I'll bet you have some very grateful clients. What'd Rex buy you?	Rex sent me two humidors full of pre- Castro Cubans
I've got to leave Malkovich.	You've got to be kidding
No.  I gotta tell him the address, so he doesn't go in.	Go in where
I thought there might be somebody inside.	Was there
I am... grateful for what you have given me. But I still do not wish to be assimilated.	A universe of sensation is waiting for you... don't you want to explore it... with me
Anything else?	Did Gordon show you a woman named Lil
No.	I can tell you this.  I recognize his lawyer.  His name's Mark Swarr
I don't have any money.  switches on the light. JANI is looking distressed.	Some people I know, they're planning to rob The Golden Lion
Everything!  Prison -- humiliation -- being abandoned and betrayed by everyone -- I can't stand it anymore -- I'd rather die!	You'll be dead soon enough anyway, so why be in such a hurry?  Why not face up to your lies?  It's your lies you can't stand anymore..
With him?	Yeah
He never even kids about it.	Maybe he takes it very seriously
Yah, well, see, I did that, and I haven't been able to get 'em, so I thought you maybe'd know an alternate number or what have ya.	Nope
You know each other?	We met here earlier this evening
Six years.	And would you describe those years as happy
So what makes you so sensitive?	Well, for one, I read. I don't watch as much television as you. I'm trying to feel things more. I'm learning a lot about people
What is it?	New York.  1986.  Viktor Yurilivich
You're crazy.	"remember distinctly Father taking me for a ""piggy-back"" ride"
I don't sell beer to minors.  I take that kinda thing...	...seriously
You're so funny...	I sell biscuits and gravy all over the Southland-
Can you do it man?	Can I do it? I just broke her cherry. I imagine I can make her do anything. Bark like a dog, jump through a ring of fire
Good luck to you.	Thanks
What the hell is this doing here?	It's those files you asked for
No! They said no cops! They were darned clear on that, Wade! They said you call the cops and we -	Well, a course they're gonna say that! But where's my protection? They got Jean here! I give these sons a bitches a million dollars, where's my guarantee they're gonna let her go
Drains right into the Central Reservoir.	Get her on-line.  Now
I don't wanna go.	He asked where you were!  He wants you with him
I just don't want trouble.	He has a knife
You guys got something going on downstairs?	We provide some extracurricular activities for the senior citizens in the community
Oh, man.  That's no glitch!	It's alright, it's cool..
Go on! Whyn't you have your bugler sound the charge while you're at it??	Sir
For how long?	Oh, I don't know
Guinan. It's important that you tell me what you know. We think Soran's developed a weapon...a terrible weapon. It might give him enough power to-	Soran doesn't care about power or weapons. All he cares about is getting back to the Nexus
She's my destiny.	Destiny?  You living in a perfume commercial?  She's a hard-climber that dropped you like a used tampon when she got a better ride
Perhaps he senses your hesitance at being touched.	But see, he stopped before I got that feeling, that's why it seems weird to me. I mean, I'm sure he wishes I would initiate things once in awhile, and I would except it never occurs to me, I'm always thinking about something else and then the few times that I have felt like starting something I was by myself
I only saw Theo drive up.	Who's Watts
Does it bother you to hear?	Nothing you can say will upset me
Yes...	Who is he
It depends where you sit Zozo. In coach it is like the bus to Giterama.	That is why they call it coach
Because... you're... you're the Gods....	So
No, and yes. I don't know what I'm going to do about Bobby. I know he is seeing someone else and that's okay with me, and he thinks I'm seeing someone else and that's not okay with him.	"Are you going to tell him about that ""someone else"""
Excuse me. You are a very kind man. I can see that. A man like you could not refuse a poor sick dying helpless man a small cup of water.	I can't. I have to stay with my patient
Wow, that's soon --	I know.  But it's good for me.  Now I can help my daughter take care of my grandkids. And it's good for you, too.  Now you have money, you can find a good babysitter, huh? Not the old lady next door
You're Dixie McCoy's construct. That makes you something special.	Don't patronise me, you fuck. I was skating figure eights in this matrix while you were still peeing in your chinos.  Hey, Kid... you expecting company
You mean, you're gonna --	George it's not your concern. Don't worry about it. Just remember that at 9:00, you'll be strolling through the parking lot and you'll see us -- struggling in the car, you'll run over, open the door and say....
Has he tried down the back of the fridge? I mean, that's where I normally find things.	He seemed like a nice guy, Alex
All this apparatus, Vicki... This house, and the money, and the power ... It was never mine. It was something I inherited. Bruce Wayne was something I inherited.  All I ever hoped for was someone who could see through Bruce -- who could see me -- and not be frightened.	I'm frightened of you, Bruce. I'm frightened for you
It's not right.	I hate it
Craig, listen, honey, I've been thinking... maybe you'd feel better if you got, you know, a job or something.	We've been over this. Nobody's looking for a puppeteer in today's wintry economic climate
It's not possible right now.	Why
Nope.	And did they really ever explain why Hannibal Lecter liked to eat people? Don't think so. You see, it's scarier when there's no motive, Sid
I wanted you to know -- now -- I'm very proud.	Tell them the gear is down and we're ready to land
Pinta, we've got to go. Travel sucks at this time.	Frank. Frankie
...has a prior commitment.	What's mezzaluna
And if they're asked, that's what they'll tell the, world.	So it's a good plan but it goes wrong; Mueller flips out and shoots their fall guy, which means they have to bring Dunbar and Kendall into the cover story -
Am I in trouble, Jimmy?	Not if you go
I don't want you to lie.	The truth is that it was an accident, and no one's to blame
Arline decision. Supreme Court.	Arline
Looks like you went quite a distance.	No, Just riding bareback, that's all. Anyway, you might try the Oak Pass or Stone Canyon Reservoirs. Sometimes at lunch Hollis takes walks around them. Otherwise he'll be home by 6:30
You'll excuse me, gentlemen. Your business is politics. Mine is running a saloon.	Good evening, Mr. Blaine
It moved me.  I did relate to it -- I really did.  It was unusual for you to cut to yourself when you tear up -- and that might not have been my choice...but it's real and it got me...and I think a lot of the time I'm too conservative about that kind of stuff.  Okay?	Yeah
Good. Or should I speak slower?	Yes
What do you want?	Come on. Let's get a drink
Opera? Opera!	Please don't ask me to go back again. I'm frightened! I'm very, very frightened
Fair.	Can I sit down
Kat! Wake up!	What
Those rocks, over there... they're the same... this is... Central Park.	You know this
I beg your pardon?	I've been frozen for thirty years, man, I want to see if my bits and pieces are still working
Then I want you to go to whoever's sayin' that and tell them to stop.	Alright
Yeah, I know - Picasso. <u>Guernica</u>, right? That's what everybody says - although personally, I don't see the resemblance. What are you drinking?	Uhh - martini
No.  She shall not be left here.	Maybe you're right. Help me get something to carry her downstairs
So the wound and the shell give you the same answer.	Right. A clean deduction from observed facts. They've got to be simple once in a while, Inspector
I'm not telling you what I think! I'm telling you what he thinks!	Think?  Well, what do you think
You talk to 'em.	People are free to do what they wanna do
No sweat, Alex, you only made the biggest mistake of <u>my</u> life.  What was your per-diem?	Don't act like you've never committed a crime before, Hawkins?  I know, I made call, when Anna tracked me down I..
Here's the scene.  Loretta, you're in a trance.  You glide in and get on the operating table.  Now Tor, you're supposed to tie her down.  But you have an angora fetish... and when you rub that swatch of angora, it makes you refuse so Bela has to discipline you.	Okey-dokey
Aren't you going out today?	With what?  With what, John, they took the leads..
He needs professional help.  I think we should take him to a psychiatrist.	Are you nuts or something?  What the hell is that going to do
I'd ignore her.  People can Change, Doc.	I'll remember you said that
She is not there. The coffin is gone.	Maybe you've got the wrong crypt —— after all it's twenty years when you wore last here
Listen, I'm a little spent for now but how about lunch in a week or so when I've sorted out all this information?	Great, yes, I'd like that
No you don't.	He didn't have to kill himself, Kelly. He could have gone out and gotten a job. Christ, he could've found another rich woman... He never had a problem tucking my friends when we were married
Nothing for me. I'm leavin'.	Me, neither. I don't eat meat
What?	I commend him on his choic
Hmm..Smells good. Cheers!	What did the beer cost
I can run out and get it.	No!  No!  You won't come back either
SAMO.	Oh yeah.
When did you decide all this?	Few days ago
Why not?	It's a rebound
When I'm ready to compare notes, I'll let you know.	Your call.  Have a good night
Vannacutt!!	Or somebody wanting me to believe that
Know who this is?	Well, yah, I got an idea. How's that Ciera workin' out for ya
Why?	Because my mother gave them to me. What do you care?  They're no good to you on the secondary market anyway
I calculate that's the end of This town.  And let's don't bother About the luggage, darling.	I been having the boy at the Hotel pack us up every night Since your streak starte
Huh?	Please..
Yeah.	I was undercover as a tennis player
The Navy?  They've made it clear they don't want to pull missiles out of subs to make room for women's heads.  What's it gonna cost to make a fleet of Trident's co-ed?	Sabotage born of economics? Wouldn't be a first.  But is Hayes really going to start his watch with such a public failure
Shit!	Relax. He liked what he saw. Well, some of it. Enough to give us a showcase audition. One week from today
For what purpose?	Because you're it. And if you tag me... then I'm it
I don't have a girl.	No girl? Only biz, my dear artiste
Yeah.  What a day.	Yeah
So why are you talking to him?	I'm not talkin' to him! I'm talkin' to myself! It helps me think
No. But thanks.	No thanks, my stomach's a little upset. I ate somethin' at a restaurant that made me a little sick
People needn't worry so much. It's not my time yet. This isn't how I go.	Really
Okay, be careful.	Okay, Sandy
The girls like it loud.	Girls?  You call those skanks girls?
Now that's more like it.  You look a proper gentlemen for once.	Then if Emma turns me down will you marry me
I told you, it was on the way and I wanted to change clothes.	You should practice lying more often. You're awful at it.  Where to
I never won an Oscar.	N'it's a crying shame.  But you <u>staged</u> the Oscars..
Eats them?	Yes.  Whatever killed Beauregard may have lived on this plant.  When the crates were put in secure storage, they were out of reach.  The killer couldn't get them, so it got the next best thing
So Ed. What did you do before you became a bounty hunter?	I was a musician
Hey...!  HEY, I'M TALKING TO YOU, INSPECTOR!	Twenty-four hours, detective
What is wrong?	Nothing's wrong.  I just want to get something straight.  You agree that there's a good chance these two shootings are somehow related, right
Good, man.	Wow, man. The corner. I mean, nothing's changed
General -- we have to talk sometime!	Very well.  Carpenter, is there a convenient time to talk vis-a-vis: relationship
It was the ship's maiden voyage, to test the drive. The Event Horizon moved to safe distance using ion thrusters. They received the go-ahead to activate the gravity drive.  And the ship vanished from all our scopes. No radar contact, no enhanced optical, no radio contact of any kind. They disappeared without a trace.  Until now.	Where has it been for the last seven years
Too bad.	It's not too bad.  It's a tragedy! Why does she have to be in love with a jerk?
I think -- she's crazy.	I'd identify him
Whoa -- Why?	Law school was a mistake. Getting this internship was a mistake
Vada.	WHAT?
I never knew it was so dangerous to hide in a woman's room when she's alone.	Go away. Who are you --
Uh huh...	I mean sales has always been a feeder for M and A, always..
What's that man's name?	Why do you want to know
Would it?	Damn right
You're crazier than I thought, Lenny.  Coming here... Tran's just in there.	Iris is dead.  She was murdered
No, she went runnin' off to some old house she was talkin' about yesterday.	That's the Farren house
God, she's beautiful.	Victoria? She's okay
Sam.  I'm a weapons guy.	You were a soldier, were you
Incinerate it. Like the others.	This man's family will want to see the body laid to rest
Oh, come on.	I have to go, Adam's tormenting Zoe, I'll talk to you later. Are you going to be Ok
<u>Before</u> 5:00--	--hours before-
Wow, that is one moving story.  Take it easy on my heart strings.  Now I really feel guilty complaining about you shooting me up with your poison.	Poison?  I'm surprised at you.  You lack vision, Mr. O'Brien
Well, I wasn't sure whether he was parroting me because that's all he was capable of, or whether he sensed that that's all I wanted to hear, and he was trying to please me.	But I thought you said that he was rather... simple
Yes... I'm here.  And no.  I don't know the name.	What about Jennifer Desiderio
[Two million U.S.... Three million U.S.?]	[I told you, non-negotiable.
Hey you're not eating your meatloaf.	If I eat it I'll throw up
Something tried to get into this room!	And failed.  These doors are solid steel
Mace... no disrespect... but you run this on the 11 o'clock news, by midnight you got the biggest riot in history.  They'll see the fucking smoke from Canada.	Okay... what about Strickland
You knew it was me all along?	Please. You can't hide from me, sonny. I invented the questionnaire. I can tell those who talk from those who do it in the time it takes you to fart
Couldn't sleep, Pumper.  Is everything, uh, all right tonight?	There's nothin' goin' on out there, doc...except maybe the occasional fly fisherman
The doctor said you were having sex.	To you? In front of him?  With the..
Agnes...	That's because they're suffering... suffering is beautiful, I want to be beautiful
Some pretty bad people.	Llewelyn can take care of hisself
I don't believe it.	Hello
Really, now is not the time to make waves.	Hey, I'm just waiting for Cousin Itt to show up
We've got to get the nanobot.	It's too late.  Argon injected it
Actually, I was wondering if I might ask you about Ray Duquette.	He used to come around here.  He had a thing going with one of the girls over at the Glades
Love's the same as it always was.  It's people who change.	People change in relation to each other. Love changes on its own
They do.	Why
I'd rather not play. I want to listen and learn that way.	Everyone has to practice
You don't have a boyfriend?	No
But why rattle your brains by arguing and talking... Believe me, Anna, words never help at all. They only serve to confuse. I love you, Anna. Isn't I that enough?	No. It's not enough... I told you before that I would like to get away for a while and be alone
Real! Sheriff, you are a witness that this money is paid me voluntarily, and while it does not satisfy the mortgage, it has become my property.	Doesn't satisfy, eh? Well -- that's too bad...
Is... is it... loaded?	Wouldn't be no good if it wasn't. You got to cock it though
We're going to kill him.  Do you understand that?  He's going to die just like the others.	Morpheus believes he is the One
I don't need to hear your jive. I already got that department taken care of...	You got a girl... shit... the generosityof women never ceases to amaze me
Fancy it?	I could use a vacation.  Of course, I keep forgetting, for you this <u>is</u> a vacation
You disappointed in me?	No, I'm not.  I sort of hope it's a boy. Be nice to have a boy playing in the house again
I was just somewhere else -- how did I get here?	Quit acting like some retard or I'll call your mother and tell her what a naughty little shit you've been
Yes.	You remember that much
Don't you?	Are you manifesting them
Do you find it hard to hide the fact that you're gay?	What
What kind of concerns?	We haven't fully identified the anomalies yet. They're calling this whole area The Briar Patch... it took us a day to reach a location where we could get a signal out to you. Just get me Data's schematics. I'll keep you informed.  Dougherty out
Yes it is.	That's really cool
What did you expect?	Well, I thought they were more like a cantaloupe
Hey, hey...  Haaa...  bad but temporary. The nurses say it's much better than you looked three weeks ago...  the hand will come back...  they're sure...	Jackie, will you hand me the mirror
They don't speak English...	How will we interrogate them
"I'm...""mentally divergent"".  I would love to believe that."	It can be dealt with, but only if you want to.  I can help you
Oh, no, it's real sound. It's all worked out.	You want your own wife kidnapped
I don't know what to do, Bob.	You'll never find it in the dark
That's as much as to say, such a case as yours constrains a man to bow in the hams.	Meaning, to court'sy
Got a license?  But no car?	Don't need it
...There's a million dollars here!	No, see 
Now you listen to me Calvin Webber, when this baby comes, you're going to be out in the waiting room smoking yourself to death with all the other fathers.	Yes, dear
Yeah, one of my favorites.	You made the front page
Don't needle me, Elliot. Tell me how bad you feel. We're suppose to feel bad together. This is what friends do.	Joanna Bourne. So rich and crisp. This woman lets you touch her body? You put your hands on her personal parts
Yeah. I was only twelve or thirteen when you guys used to talk about him, like he was a ghost or something.	Your dad and I used him three times over twenty years, only when everything went totally fucked. Believe me kid, you don't want this guy unless you are 100% sure you need him. He is... a fuckin' monster
And what do you do with the bones?	Dog food
Hello, John. Nice holiday?	I won't be seeing you again Chris; I have paid him every last penny
Where do you --	Shh! Just a second
Of course he did. He came on to every attractive student. Which bothers you most: that he exploits suffering or that he came on to me?	You must really think I'm a square, a computer nerd
Please.  Filing a report will not help you find your car.	The police won't find your car
I fell in love Miles.	So did I. Now pack up a few basics and -
I'm fine dad.	Well good. Just confirming. You'll be on the 3:50 Wednesday afternoon
Told ya, didn't I?	Ethan...I found a man's seen her... knows where little Debbie is
...and you're not lost now?	No, I..
Thank God.  Something you don't know.  It's a single white female.	"This is no good.  She's looking for someone French.  Or Greek.  ""Dear Sleepless in Seattle: I live in Tulsa."" Where is that? -"
So let 'em. Look, I'm going to cook dinner for us. We'll have the fruit cake for dessert. You just sit there and rest. You've done enough for one day.	Yes, nurse
Murders and rapes in the cities. People bomb planes... can the police stop them?  <u>No</u>.  But feed one little cow to a crocodile...	You're to wait right here until the police show, you're under full house arrest
Hey.  You remember that nut in the hockey mask?  With the asthma? What was his name . . .	Oh yeah.  The one that used to confess to everything?  Hoping we'd beat him up
Now, you've probably already guessed that George never leaves Bedford Falls.	No
Wait, wait, wait a minute, Sooze. What are you doing?	I'm leaving. Is that alright with you? Do I have your permission? Maybe you want to think about it
We swim.	Swim
"You're so spoiled. What is ""not good"" to you? Only a few hundred --"	We've got sixteen dollars
Bullshit! She was alive when we left her with you.	You're fucked, Sami. You know it.   That's why you're here
Don't talk to them anymore.  Sal and me are getting a jet, we're going to Algeria - I'll write you from there.	He was very understanding - you ought to talk to him ... Algeria
You shouldn't have done that. I know what it meant to you.	I owe you for the rent. It's only a car. I can get another
The Board's working through the weekend, tying up the loose ends on this damn thing.  But I want to give it one more try, I'm still holding out some hope.	Eddie, hold out all the hope you want but, I promise you, it's hope- less, it's over.  Come on up, let's get drunk, if I had your shoulder to lean on I might actually enjoy this -
There are three strangers in this room, traveller, and these gents you are accusing aren't them.  Are these your friends?	I wanted a drink and a bed. I guess I came to the wrong place
I'm just an accountant.	Don't denigrate yourself, my friend. Where would the government be without accountants?  They wouldn't know how hard they can squeeze us before we pop, isn't that right
If I call them, and they come what on earth am I going to say to them.	Say the Word
It needs a hat.  There was a wide-brimmed cream fedora...	It must be up in your old room.  I will look
What do you want -- a tidy psychological profile? You want to hear that I was falsely accused of a crime I didn't commit... and that's driven me to defend others? Or maybe you want to me to get in touch with my feelings... talk about my childhood...	No. You've told me all I need to know
Kay--	Hang on.  There's gotta be something on this guy.    Did you contact the Alliance?  Do they have anything
Your face is familiar.	Possible you saw it in a newspaper - or magazine - Vanity Fair 
Don babytalk him man. Cocksucker fell asleep. They walked right up on us, he don do shit.	Shaddup bitch
The girl I remind you of.	She was the Queen of the Netherlands
Oh, brother.	Miss Coonan..
Come on! Mom said you were sick. You're never happy to see me.	I'm sorry about that. I really want us to be closer. I have enough unresolved relationships in my... life
And you?	Hashish.  Ninety percent of the foreigners are in for hashish
No, he was a schoolteacher. But he liked to dabble.	He's dead
Never mind.  Not for you to worry.	I thought you said we were roommates. That we should talk about everything
Match me, Sidney...	Not just this minute, J.J...
I don't know.  How long before it kills us?	Five seconds
Yes, you do!	Or have perfect table manners
No, no -- just had a little accident.	What does he mean, accident
If he's reasonable, maybe we can make some kind of deal. If not. We'll have to re-consider our options.	Yeah, reconsider fucking his shit up
How dare you write on that blackboard!  Do you realize the Professor has been working on that problem for weeks?	He'll catch on to it in no time now
Who are you?	Who, me?  Why, I'm the whippoorwill that cries in the night. I'm the soft morning breeze that caresses your lovely face
Stop doing that. We can all relax, it's almost over-	You're sure nobody's following us
Much better this morning, thank you.	Got a handkerchief
And then?	You pull up -- collect your first installment.  Then you let the daughter go.  When she reaches me, I'll dump out another third.  Same action.  I back up again -- you pull forward.  Satisfy yourself it's there.  Then we do it one last time.  The final exchange. And we go our separate ways
You invited me.	Only if you are a good man, a friend. Are you a friend
How you doin' Barry?	Hi Walter
Dylan, where's the man?	Here
Richard, Victor thinks I'm leaving with him. Haven't you told him?	No, not yet
Now we find out if that code is worth the price we paid.	It'll work. It'll work
This private assurance represents the word of the Highest Authority?	Yes
415 Greenwich St.  #302.  Under the body of a murdered woman.	No.  This isn't what you think
I wonder if you could tell me...	Yep
Yes.	See my breasts?  . See
-- there's got to be some mistake here -- a four hundred year old military spacecraft?  There's no such thing... our space program isn't even forty years old.	Extraordinary, isn't it
I'm kind of busy.	Please open the door, Danny
I don't understand?	She's walking back towards the door
You like me. How come?	Not sure. Let me think about it
Let's roll.  We got a guy who swears his car was stolen by a suspect identical to Doucet. 0800 this morning.	What else did he get
Jeremiah... what's gotten into you?	I just lost my virginity in a confessional booth! Lord have mercy!
I was a little nervous there for a minute.	Oh, come on -- tell us another
So you can give me more shit?	No, no. It's an honest question. What are you trying to communicate
My apologies, miss.  As you were saying, before you were so rudely interrupted?	Captain Barbossa ... I have come to negotiate the cessation of hostilities against Port Royal
Dead people.	Dead people
What camera?	That one -- from the wreck.  You brought it up, did you look inside it
You didn't say what it was for, did you?	No, honey.  I told him I was buyin' a car.  What is it for
That's because she made a promise, and she'a keeping it, aren't you, darling.  You saw the way she played this afternoon, Edward.	Indeed I did. Up and down the garden she went, laughing and singing to herself
What?	Journalism lesson number one.  If you fabricate your facts, you get fired
In the gut, I mean.	I feel tight -- but good
The mold? I am living among these crypto-fascist Orange County cunts... with daddy's BMW and the boob job... just waiting to implode.	Crypto-fascist? Who talks like this?
Balderdash!	There are a thousand avenues, other than war, at our disposal..
So you are. How is your pretty wife?	She is well. She is - well, actually, I'm about to become a father! She only told me last night. You are the first to know
Doc -- something you said the other day --	Yes
Do what? I don't know. I'm no good at this.	You are, I've seen you
Well, if we're, like, the man invisible, what are you?	I don't know. Uh, I'm an artist, I guess. You know, there's life and then there's the people watching the life, commenting on it
You got a pretty house, Miss Johnson!	I try..
I didn't get any chicken.	How come
So that's it? You don't ever want to see me again?	No, of course I do... It's just that right now I need to -
The money, the gear!	That's fucked it. What do we do now? No money, no weed; it's all been swapped for a pile of corpses
Barrytown.  Barrytown?  Is there no end to your arrogance?	I didn't make up the name.  It's the Steely Dan song.  And it was in The Commitments
Long as we're on the subject of perverts . . .  I miss Rorschach.  Let's spring him.	. . . What?
A transmission?	A voice transmission
Yes. I would like to do that.	... I've worked very hard and enjoyed my life... I've known success... and I've felt love... My associates, Chauncey - I've talked with them about you... They're eager to meet you... very eager to meet you... I'm very fond of you, Chauncey... And I understand Eve... Tell her that... tell her I'm madly in love with her..
You want to do it?	Yes -
What can I do?	She's a fuckin' junkie. She's out of her fucking mind.  Do you unders
Look, you could come up.  Or you could wait if you want.  I could go check it out.  You could wait.	Nah...  With you, I mean, you'd probably just forget about me, right
I'm sure he'll be sorry to hear that.  Who should I tell him called?	My name'
You sure?	Yes
Did you like her to watch?	Do you think I told her to kill You
And who is <u>he</u> that they should join <u>him</u>?	He is the King
Uh-huh. All I know is - the sun rises in the east, and we're going away from it.	Now you're irritating and absurd
That signal is over a thousand feet high, which means it can be seen for two hundred leagues in every direction.  The entire Royal Navy is out to sea looking for me -- do you think there is even a chance they could miss it?	You -- you burned up the island, for a one-time chance at being spotted
I can't take shorthand, Mr. Kane -	I'll write it myself
I just don't think it would work.	Why wouldn't it
I understand.  You're upset.  You want to know what's going on.  That's good.	Why are you talking like that
It may have happened, but not the way you said.	You think I wouldn't remember a thing like that
When I was twenty.	Oooh, very sophisticated. Having fun
That's strange. Nobody is supposed to sleep well in Casablanca.	May we proceed with the business
So tell me where Nix is buried.	I don't know
There was just...some tension.  You were upset.  I remember being concerned.	At the party
A common thief.	A patriot
I managed.	You noticed.  What're you going to do? Spank me
The guy doin' the job names the price. If you don't like it, you can kill Masseria yourself.	I will be the Boss of All Bosses
You don't miss it?	I miss things. I miss... people.  I miss reading to the boys
... give me a break, Mary.	You all know me.  I'm one of you, I grew up a stone's throw from here on a little lemon ranch in Yorba Linda ..
What?	It's Geoffrey under this
Best in the Fleet !	I get it. This is the part that's best for both of us. Don't do me anymore favors, eh 
No...	My car bumper has never held a winning sticker
Well... it's just a condo really. Right outside Katmandu.	Wow. That's a place I've always wanted to go. Is it true the mountains are so tall you can't see the tops
I'll say a lot of things I've never said before.  It's habit.	It sounded like a pick-up line
Signal the Endeavor to fall back. We'll cover them.	Aye, sir
We need weapons.	Weapons? All this technology and what good has it done?
Is it all right? Aren't you going to play something? ADA pulls up a chair and seats herself at the piano. She rubs her hands and places them lightly on the keys, she turns from habit over her left shoulder where STEWART waits crossed armed. Quickly she removes her hands, stands and gestures FLORA to play. FLORA proudly takes ~p the seat, she pulls her lips in trying to control her happiness to say in front of both her mother and STEWART.	What will I play
Ma, Tiny's in.	Go tell him to get your Grandpa
...Well, you know me, Amy, at least better than that that dame does. Do you think I'm an imbecile?	I'm sure I -
You want to fuck me. But you can't fuck me.	Why
Sure I do.	Then you know that if I give you a little advice, it'll be good advice
Happy days.	I hope this time you wind up with the sweet end of the lollipop
Do we have to?	And I kicked ass.  My best stuff.  Then I stood in the hallway and listened to her audition...and I cried
Hello, Mr. President.  How's my favorite patient?  Any tenderness?	That which does not kill us makes us stronger, Buckaroo.  What's it like out there in the real world
I ain't ever talked to a movie star before.	I ain't no movie star. I'm just in high school
I'm John McClane.	Argyle.  I'm your limo driver.  Hey, nice bag
You're sure going to be poison to that Junior Leaguer[4] from now on!	I hope not . . . I've got to call on her this morning
Dr. Towler...	Yes
What are you thinking about?	Why do you talk to mom when you're by yourself
He's coming back for the rest of us.  He can't make it alone.	I wonder how far he went.  He's gathered invaluable information out there
There's fight club in Delaware City.	I heard.  Local 15, Monday nights
You all want to lay off?  God.  I hope the Iraqis shoot me; put me out of my misery.	OH MY GOD
Come on.	No -
Tyler's kiss was a bonfire on the back of my hand.	Look at your hand
He didn't mention her.	Priests keep pretty tight mouthed then
What if I lose it?	You won't
Who are you? Maybe I'll need to. You like me, huh?	Yes
What can we do?  You don't even know who this guy is.	No.  Nobody got...  Wait a minute.  I might not know who he is, but I know where he's gonna be.  I got the case file.  We know what he's gonna do before he does it
The S.S. Men are here to pick up Dunbar. They're taking him to Berlin. Looks like he's finished.	Only he ain't quite finished yet. Blondie -- get that smudge pot. Tie it to Steve's leg
Don't ever say that.	What if he is
Then what?	Then you took her upstairs and you raped her
What am I going downstairs and tell those people?	Go downstairs, and tell them - anything. Tell them I'm not going. Tell them I'm not home
We got to go back.  We got to go back for Wes.	Forget Wes
What were the yards like?	Big backyards, fences, some hedges, why
Freddie?	Freddie Miles. You know -- he's organizing the Cortina skiing trip
Help me get out of here.	Glad to..
Well, well, well, talk to me, we sat down to eat dinner, and here I'm a criminal...	You went for it
Why don't you go'on and ask her. She need to talk wit somebody with sense. Folks been ruttin' and beatin' on this gal all her days. And this is how I'm handling it.	THIS IS HOW YOU HANDLING IT? THIS IS HOW YOU HANDLING IT
That crazy sumbitch made it.	Congratulations. You just became a legend maker
What do you want from me?	At this point, a nap. Oh by the way, I killed your butler and your dog.
Does she suffer?  Does she know what she is?	I don't know.  I once asked Dr. Maxwell the same question.  He said he thought she was like a sleepwalker who would never waken
It's probably easier for you to eat the rice.	Marion!  What did you tell the police
Living together hasn't been so bad, has it?	It's all right for me, it's been terrific, you know?  Better than either one of my marriages. See, 'cause... 'cause there's just something different about you. I don't know what it is, but it's great
You come highly recommended by Herr Seebach.	Herr Seebach was a very kind employer
Alright miss, calm down.  I just need this lane open.  I need you to pull your vehicle onto the shoulder!	You're not listening to me!  You have to do something
What's the trouble, Asta?  Your balloon busted?  So's mine.	What's the matter with you
I was a great beauty.	Uh, how did this personality come about
I think so.	I've been looking for that flash and I look and I look and I can't find it. And what if I already had it? You know. My moment? What if it's gone? And I never saw it?  You're getting married, man. That's a fucking beautiful thing. Just a beautiful thing. I just can't stop breaking beautiful things
No you're not.	Are you calling me a liar? I'm telling you I'm broke. I don't even have insurance on my goddamned car
A couple of weeks.  It started in Portsmouth when they brought us down for loading.	Is it getting worse
C'mon girl. Eat up.	Get away from her
Psychologist, therapist, whatever.	Patient
I felt limited. I felt confined. I felt like I was suffocating.	I see. So more like a tight rope walker who secretly wants to be a trapeze artist
I don't care what people say.	"You don't care! ""Miss Shroud of 1890 Weds the Boy of a Thousand Deaths!"" Listen to me.."
What about Cortina?	Didn't Dick say? -- He talked to Freddie... apparently it's not going to work out --  Freddie says there aren't enough rooms
This wasn't your first time, was it, Ted? How many we talking?	Hitchhikers? I don't know -- fifty... a hundred maybe -- Who keeps track
Clay something, that was his name - Clay.	Bertrand.  Clay Bertrand
"People don't fly down in their own god damn plane for ""just a meeting"" --"	Look, you said you weren't feeling great.  I thought you should rest
Who?	Never mind. Where've you been
Really?	Uh huh. You know what your mother did when she found out she was gonna have you? She came home and painted this whole room pink. She was so sure she was gonna have a little girl
If I had pulled the trigger, Sybok would be dead.	I ordered you to defend this ship
I can call back...	No, no. Hold on
I might do it wrong.	Not possible
Unfinished business.	Lenny, as a buddy, let me inform you. Your business here is very much finished. You're still here because of Natalie
It's just as well to tell you--because if we're going to get off on the right foot--I mean--in case I act sort of strange--it's the suit.	Well--I-
You're keeping a record, are you?	It's just very distracting when you're trying to work
Who're you?	I'm Duff
What are you doing here?	I wanted to apologize for being nasty to you this evening
OK...Marvosa makes calls to this fax number overseas.  And that's Switzerland's country code.	A bank
Oh, sure.	Let me do that
Hi Kathryn. Is everything okay?	No
He ditched me.  He started running, and I started running, then he lost me in the park.	The park
I want somethin' sweet.	We don't have nothing sweet no more, baby
Your uncle has been such a friend to us in every crisis.  Without his country's financial aid --	What is money?  Mrs. Teasdale, for you -- I would do anything
Well, you take a meeting with him, I'll take a meeting with you if you'll take a meeting with Freddy.	I took a meeting with Freddy. Freddy took a meeting with Charlie. You take a meeting with him
Yes.	Oh...oh well then, one more won't matter
We'll see. If it doesn't, what the hell, at least I gave it a shot.	That's right. And the good thing is you can do it anywhere
You are.	I am
No, man. I know you didn't get it 'cause you wouldn't've asked me. It wasn't that funny anyway...	...piece of shit. Listen, Charles, this is my friend Rob from Back East
You ain't gonna talk me outta shit no more. I got my mind made up and I ain't gonna be moved on this.	Ain't gonna be moved
Dad stop it!	Get to sleep young lady -- and I mean it
Y-yes, Jim.	I doubt it! Come on, Ken
Look, can we forget last night? We gotta talk.	Talk
Uh, Buzz?!  We missed the truck!	We're not aiming for the truck
I don't know. I didn't talk with them. The plan was for me to bump into you, pick you up, spend the night, and skip out after you fell asleep. I was gonna write you a note and say that this was my last day in America. That I was leaving on a plane this morning up to Ukraine to marry a rich millionaire, and thank you for making my last day in America my best day.	That dazzling imagination
What did you do with her?	What happened
Big talk for someone who's never been shot off her computer.	Hey, I never said I was a fighter pilot...I never claimed to think it was fun to be shot off the end of a ship in a storm. I can find contentment in a good book. I don't have to roar by someone at Mach two with my hair on fire. Sometimes...I just get happy being with the right man
We need to talk.	Talk about what, Patrick? What is there to talk about
Remember the Alamo! Remember the Alamo!	Mary... please. This is hurting people
I don't own a television.	A jet engine fell on my house... landed on my bed. While I was talking to Frank on the golf course
Look at that!	It's that v-chip thing that's inside you, Eric!  The polarity must have been reversed by the electric chair
Liberating isn't it?	Y'know it is, a bit
... Gardiner is laconic, matter-of fact. The scuttlebutt is that he's a strong candidate for one of the vacant seats on the board of First American. But before we can do any sort of a piece on the man, we're going to need facts on his background...  ... Kinney, what did you come up with?	... Nothing
You will live.  Survive.	Then they were right.  I am evil. This is God's punishment
You know where they picked me up! Twelfth Street!  I wasn't even near there!	Would you like to go home if we can arrange it?  Did you notify the parents
Has anything been simple so far? From the look of the shovel, we dig.	Oh, Adam.  I don't have gloves.  My nails keep getting longer.  I'll break them
Sarah.	We did it, Kyle.  We got it
Wait a minute--I think I can cut out a couple o' more words.	How
That's no good. It'll be dark soon, there's no other shelter for ten miles. If they show, they'll take you too.  Why'd you have to come up here?!	For the same reason you did, to help
Certainly, Mr. Jones! Certainly! Charlie!	They're starting to come in already. Yeah. Yeah. Well, listen. Don't waste any time. Get all the money you can lay your hands on, and bring it down here right away. Step on it
"No you look, mister! First, you don't go calling my men names. It's bad for morale. Second, us ""punks"" happen to know a heck of alot more about police work than any vice cop ever did."	Oh yeah? Prove it
Right here.	It seems I can't think of a thing you haven't thought of..
I'm trying to get you to stay for dinner. We're going to have a lot of roast left over.	I couldn't possibly. I have to get back
Hey boss, it's not a science.	Send some flowers. Something nice. Roses or carnations. And one of those get well soon cards
What do you mean there is no family?	Liane has filed for divorce..
Answer yes or no.	I... No
Well, it seemed to me --	You mean you didn't. It seems to me the least you could do. You can't just jump at conclusions that way. You're being unfair
Pretty smooth, huh?	"Smooth.  I know this is dangerous and everything but it's kind of fun. Ever see ""Batman,"" you know when Batman and Robin are climbing up the side of the building and somebody sticks their head outside the window and says... I forget what they said but it's pretty funny"
Oh my, yes! This is a *far* superior taste--and crisp, too! You know, so many apples are disappointingly mealy. I wonder of most of the apples in my life weren't meant for pies!	Wilbur, he picked them for us himself..
You got what you wanted. You going to release us now?	You're very valuable. And our nation needs so many things
And Larry?...	What about Larry
Who? Elizabeth?	Yes
Fuck you.	She loves you.  I know that.  And part of what she loves in me is how much of you she sees in me
Oh, that's okay, I'll let him off this time.  Are you crazy?  This guy's built like a pebble!  You know they do great prosthetic antennas nowadays --	Aren't you gonna stand up for yourself
Wait, Betty... you still haven't answered me.	This is really awkward..
Just go over to Gelford and up to Vista. It's not far. Can you tell me any more about what you learned?	I'd rather not talk about it. I'll tell you about it sometime
He's not Army, it's not official --	Then it's unofficial
What color hair will she have?	Blonde
I'm laying a spring trap!	A spring trap
I still don't know what that means.	I wanted you here so we could have a few months together.  Maybe everything happens for a reason.  Something bad to force something good
Men?  They look more like weasles to me.	Yes, I find that weasles have a special gift for the work.  The rabbit didn't contact you by any chance, did he
Come on, Magda  It's like that movie Harold and Maude.	I don't watch the new ones
No, there's a police car way back there.  See it, in the distance coming around the turn?  The van is blocking it now.	What's Nels' number
Well... what do you think?  Is she totally bananas or merely slightly off centre... or maybe she's perfectly sane and just a very good liar.	What's your opinion
I don't drink coffee.	You must be tired. It'll wake you up
My master owns these lands and your father has been ordered to drive off the English squatters. They have consented to go. So now he calls them enemies no longer.	Magua took the hatchet to color it with blood.  It is still bright. Only when it is red, then it will be buried
That's the point.	I don't get you, King
Crafts.	Crafts
He's a pretty tough old man, huh?	No sports if I don't keep a B average, no TV on school nights, no PDA's-
Yeah yeah yeah. What's the status?	We're getting close
You'll have to wait until we reach the agency...Fall in behind the column...	But couldn't you...
When did you talk to Lula?	Talked to her this afternoon... While you was out
Ready to deploy the warp nacelles.	As they used to say... all systems are go
Wow. That's good. Lots of capers, huh?	For starters. It's also got fennel, asparagus, olives, some more of mother nature's aphrodisiacs... Back in college, me and my roommates used to call it hard- on stew
Excuse me, sir.  Commissioner Gordon was compelled to leave - -very unexpectedly.  He asked me to convey his regrets.	Thank you, Alfred.  I hope you'll excuse me.  It was a great pleasure meeting you.  And you
Bigger than DeJesus?  How?	It's had a meal
You think I fit here where they just about chew your food for you?	Where do you fit
Kill them both.	Here
My room!	Mine, too
No, I understand.  That's what I want to talk about.  I don't know if you know this, Simone, but Viktor and I were married once.	I can't imagine how you ever let a man like that go.  I owe Viktor everything
STAY WITH HIM! TIGHTEN YOUR TURN!	Bogey at three o'clock high! Nose on
You know you don't have to sneak. You could stay with me.  I know Things, Wyatt.  Sweet things.  I Could make you so happy.	I can't, I'm sorry.  Forgive me
You promised me prosperity, happiness, love, money, friendship --	Just a minute, neighbor Stone. I promised you money and all that money can buy. I don't recall any other obligations. But let's look at the contract
You know goddamn well what I mean.	You're out of your fucking mind. I'm not gonna stand around here gettin' interrogated by you
You do seem much more disposed toward him than I understand, Ernest. Did I miss something?	Oh, for god's sake, Phyllis -- we have no reason to doubt the man! Are we listening to Lionel now
You want to show this?	Absolutely.  The audience will stain their drawers.  I did
How's everything?	Good
Hey, stop.  We're just gonna wind up in some bar, drinking' to forget all the things we shoulda done and then you'll start singin' Beach Boy songs again. Then I'll really get depressed.	I also did not come because I think I would not fit in America
Is there anything else you can tell me about him?	No. Like I say, he was funny-looking. More'n most people even
What are you doing here?	I bought a ticket. I've come to see the film
So if I ran now, there's no way I'd beat you, is there?	You won't run
...This'll sometimes help.	That doesn't help anything, Bill
I don't have to tell you of our latest difficulties.	Things are quite serious, I should say
Then this will be five. I suppose you think I'm too drunk to count.	"No. You're just crazy about ""Liebestraum."
The Other Side got to him.	How bad off is he
One hears a great deal about Rick in Casablanca.	And about Victor Laszlo everywhere
But I don't want to be like that. I want to do something...	What're you gonna do, waste your talent? Why not use it to make something worthwhile. You can do that, you know
How about a nice glass of milk?	And some taco chips so I can dunk
Robert. Please.  You don't understand -- no one does. When a woman makes the choice to marry, to have children -- in one way her life begins but in another way it stops. You build a life of details. You become a mother, a wife and you stop and stay steady so that your children can move. And when they leave they take your life of details with them. And then you're expected move again only you don't remember what moves you because no one has asked in so long. Not even yourself. You never in your life think that love like this can happen to you.	But now that you have it 
It's possible.	Is it possible to have a Drug Czar in Mexico who isn't connected in some war to one of the cartels
Sir?	You'll never be young again
There is a farming community upstate, Constable... ten days journey north in the Hudson Highlands.  It is named Sleepy Hollow.  Within a fortnight, three persons have been murdered there. Each with their head lopped cleanly off.  The elders of the Hollow have sent dispatches to me, requesting assistance, and now, just this very moment, I have chosen you.	Chosen me
She was there...	Trying to have a relationship with you, Max, is like standing in a fog bank.  You know you're in the middle of something only you have absolutely no idea where you are
If you want me to.	I'm always open to learning new things
I better go report this in...	Oh, you don't have to explain to me where you're going..
What the hell's going on!	Shh! Can't talk like that now. You're in ...  You know ..
Well, it's still pretty much in the talk stage.	We had a team at the 325th Evac last fall. I coached the boys myself
What are you taking?	A sleeping pill.  Do you want yours
I thought that was it.	So he's in the next one, Albert. I mean take it easy. I mean you're driving everybody nuts
I am Jack's Cold Sweat.	Does this sound strange to you
That something I shouldn't see?	No. But it's mine and I didn't want anyone foolin' with it
What do they do in the white churches, Mama?	Same as we -- they pray
Hardly.	Don't worry, darlin, I'm..
Wouldn't bother me.	Yeah, big man...get yourself in more trouble.  You make a fool out of him, you're doing the same to me. I signed for you don't forget
I hear you. I'll stay in touch.	That's more like it.  Where are you at, anyway
Whoa, Jim.  Maybe.  But we can't arrest this little pillar of society on maybe.	All right.  How about this?  We put a watch on this Pemberton, somebody tries to grab him..
We were overdue to get hit.	You think this is a coincidence? Next week half your customers will be buying their Scotch, our Scotch, from Maranzano. In a month, he'll be in Scotland talking to my distillers, because you can't move product. I'll be out of business, and you'll be working for Maranzano
He's not done by a longshot, I can get more out of him --	He can wait. Kendall's out of surgery
I don't, but...	Let's look at the fucking thing
The food's fine. Sometimes I don't eat.	It insults Maria. Slip it to the dog if you have to... Do you mind if I talk to you for a moment
I like them.  I was sick of looking at this room.  I think they add a little life.	Nothing like a little liveliness
Well?	It looks....foreign
What do you want?	You're pretty when you're angry
Yes. Is Molly there?	My grandboy's been eatin' a ton of breakfast every day. Been out riding. Must be the good air. You oughta see that little booger eat.  I'll bet he's gained ten pounds.  Molly's out in the motor home..
Good old Razinin! Is he still alive? How does he manage?	But, Comrades..
Hey, man, I'm down too, you know.	Yea, how much
Well, keep going! We want an extra out on the streets before it's too late!	Where's Bruce
That's how the other one died, you know. In the water.	I looked it up
And there was this number on my phone bill that I didn't recognize.  Calls made at three and four in the morning.  So, I called the number ... and a woman answered.  And I ... I hung up.  So, then I followed him.  Just like in the movies.  And I found out that he has a wife and a little girl living in Brooklyn.  We had been going together for almost a year.	Men ... they're all the same.  Our pastor in Sioux Falls was caught with his wife's sister
It's Whorfin, Buckaroo.  Line 3.	Whorfin?  Does he know we're coming
I'm just happy to see you.	Come on! Mom said you were sick. You're never happy to see me
It's about what I'm writing, Garland. It's really... I think it's really big.	What do you mean, Barton
Couldn't sleep.	Wish I could say the same
You mean that?	Yeah. I care, Dil
Of course.  Is it, am I a terrible coward to ask how much water we have?	Water?  Yes, we have water, we have a little in our can, we have water in the radiator which can be drunk. Not at all cowardly, extremely practical.  Come on, come on!  There's also a plant - I've never seen it but I'm told you can cut a piece the size of a heart from this plant and the next day it will be filled with a delicious liquid
Good!	Whatcha doin' over here
All right, Gillis.  You've got five minutes.  What's your story about?	It's about a ball player, a rookie shortstop that's batting 347.  The poor kid was once mixed up in a hold- up.  But he's trying to go straight -- except there's a bunch of gamblers who won't let him
How do you know about me?	My boyfriend told me about you
Sit completely still with both hands on the wheel -- until they get here.	"Why pick me to be your ""mark?"
And me too, son! You shore done got to be such a big little man!	We goin' huntin' again, Daddy !
Give that a try.	All right
Time's up, Admiral...	Here it comes. Now, Spock
I've no choice	If what you say is true, it is a matter for the police
C'mon.  Pull the trigger.  Do it.  Oh, look, you're sweating.  You don't have the balls.	Get down on your knees
Oh, are you on the team?	No, a couple of the players and me were joking around and, uh, I fell off the school
Aces, Suits.	Not easy pickin's. Papers like these speak to larger issues. Sorry about Alfonse.  You into something big
No you don't, and you know it.	If our positions were reversed, would you leave me
Have we ever met?	Well, no
I thought you'd be pleased.	I am. I'm so very proud of you. Go back to sleep
I really thought he would show up. I waited... and waited... and waited...	That little prick
I'm going to have your job, shithead. I'm going downtown and talk to Mitch and Murrray, and I'm going to Lemkin.  I don't care whose nephew you are, who you know, whose dick you're sucking on.  You're going out, I swear to you, you're going...	Hey, fella, let's get this done..
Oh my God.	Get the car
A beret.	Why a beret
What?	Nothing
I'm an old friend of Cochrane's... I wanted to see how he was doing.	Lucky for him you came by when you did. He might be dead now
That's because I'm a heartless bastard who only cares about money.	And God love you for it
Not the compromised second draft. And then I, uh. . . Ever hear of the Seattle Seven?	Mmnun
Yeah, fell down and hit a rock. Not as bad as it looks.	There was a young fellow over at Jamilla's today when it got hit.  Way she tells it he got whacked around good by one of the robbers
-- what are you talking about, come on --	-- all I want is the number of where she's staying and that should be god damn good enough, now stop treating me this way, please -- Just Give Me The Number Elizabeth Please Now I think I will kill you if you don't
Where in the hell are we?	That's the turnpike up there.  Glenn's waiting with the other car
....I didn't realize I said it out loud.	Said what
Take your money? This guy will blow up your house and everyone in it!	There's just no way the Mets will lose this game. Gooden is pitching and Strawberry is ready to break out
But my voices... they promised me...	To hell with your voices -- it's time to face facts!  We have nothing to do here... none of us... not even you.  You should go home, Jeanne
Hey, house is doin' well.  Hey, all that money is rollin' in. I appreciate you takin' the time to see a poor ol' civil servant.	No, that's quite all right
Are you in charge, Roper?	Yep
Are you introducing the question of negligence here, counselor?	Yes, your honor
You'd think now, with only six weeks before they ship me back home, it would be easier. But it isn't.	Of course not
Well, it's either an act on your part or a miracle on Sweeney's.	What do you mean
Probably.	But I'm surprised you're still working for her, unless she's suddenly come up with another husband
Do you know why he's called Buffalo Bill? Tell me. The newspapers won't say.	I'll tell you if you'll look at this form.  It started as a bad joke in Kansas City Homicide. They said... this one likes to skin his humps
Don't you want to hear about my day?	Yeah let's hear about your day
It's like farming. I am basically chewing up large tracts of expensively landscaped scenery with overpriced sticks, and George Clair has obviously, in the mere two years since he joined the firm, he has obviously been taking secret lessons with a golf pro, and I assume the entirety of his disposable income has been devoted to humiliating me on the golf course. And the guy talks - incessantly -- throughout the entirety of the miserable 18 holes - on topics that are the supposed domain of my department --	Ben-
Fantastic! That you could figure all that out, and lay that down on her, to come up with a way you could get your toast.	I didn't get it, did I
What else came with it?  Anything still here?	Sure.  Just papers, photos.  Stuff nobody'd ever want
I suppose. But what if you want to live?	So? Do what everyone does. Try like hell for renewal
Philosophical?	Those which stir the imagination as well as the intellect. Paracelsus, for one
How fortunate.	It's not fair that a man like that has power over our work
Everybody's divorced.	It didn't used to be that way
Well, go get 'em, Pops.	Yer damn right
No.	Neither do I
He missed the door, Uncle Lex.	Quiet! You'll make him self-conscious
Two units in four days. How many spares do we have?	Two more
This is important in comparison to, let's say, whether they should cancel third world debt?	That's right -- I'm at last going out on a date with the great Janine and I just want to be sure I've picked the right t-shirt
He's hiding, thE son of a bitch, in Florida.	Yeah
She wasn't really my wife.	Oh, she isn't really your wife.  How stupid of me...She was Hauser's wife
I'm fine.  Still working with my father.	And what does he do again
It's just one night. If I get uncomfortable, I'll go over to Hanks.	Promise
Is that what a good doctor would do? How old are you, please?	I am seventy-four years old
Who is that idiot?	Darling, you must encourage the troops -- wave
You look great.	What the fuck is this, Jimmy
My usual fee, plus a bonus if I come up with any results.	Are you sleeping with her? Come, come, Mr. Gittes. You don't have to think about that to remember, do you
What's he so excited about?	Yeah, showtime for what
Awwww...	So what's new
Of course, but you've got no reason to think he's bungled the case?	None
I was making a point.	What?  Let Paris hold its plane?  Let Memphis take care of it?  Let somebody down the line clean up your mess
Pain by nerve induction... A human can resist any pain. Our test is crisis and observation.	I see the truth of it. -- REVEREND MOTHER  Could he be the one?... Maybe... but will he be ours to control?  You know when people speak the truth
Perhaps you would like to wait in my office --?	No
I can't, it's Seymour's birthday...  Shit! What time is it?  I have to go to the store! I was going to make him a cake...	Well, are we still going shopping tomorrow
That gal that made employee of the month give 'em to me for awalkin' with her.	I was goin' to the secret place. I borried one of your books to take down there. You ain't mad, are you
How much is that?	Fifteen yards
I can't believe we've come this far only to be stopped by this!  Scotty, is there any way dilithium can be re-crystallized?	Sorry, sir. We can't even do that in the 23rd Century
Well, here it's half.	What if I don't pay ya, Bert
Goodnight, Jeff.	Goodnight, Miss Paine
Let me check.	There's no other way, boys.  I'm going to have to take her in...the hard way
Pregnant, is she?	It would appear so
My husband was the only one with the combination to this safe.  I knew about it, but as far as I was concerned it was none of my business.  Not till now, that is.	You hired someone to open it.  I'll bet the lawyer loved that
Gee, Marcia, if I didn't know you better, I'd think you were suggesting I dredge up the worst horror of my life just so we could make a few bucks.	Now you've hurt me, Paul
Hollywood precinct finds another stiff yesterday. Not too far from here. This one's better looking than the doc.	Female caucasian, thirty years old. Nice tits. No head. You ever see Mundt with anyone meets that description
You know Tony doesn't have that kind of money.	Then he'll borrow it.  I know Tony better than you do.  Even if he has to work another ten years to pay it off, he'll do it
No.	Headache, nausea, lights
Why didn't I build in Orlando?	I'll keep an eye on it.  Maybe it'll swing south like the last one
One more thing.  If by some chance I get this wrong...tell Dmitri I'm sorry.	Of course
Yeah. I guess I did.  What's going to happen to me?	We're going to leave that up to Detective Williams. I'll tell you though. you're okay. you shot a real son of a bitch
Did it look like this in your mind?	This is more difficult
Ohmygod...	Mom
Really? Because I don't know, I was thinking that --	Well, then put him at the singles table
Be careful....	Anything
But Rimgale's probably going to come around to arson.	In a dinosaur kinda way, yeah
So you do know her.	Uh yes, we're cousins..distant cousins.
That tip not work-out for you fellas?	Tip was fine, Jake. We were a little more curious about the Fed
It's not gonna hurt you.	I'll hit you, Frank.  I swear
Yeah.  Another little matter needs attending to soon as I return.	No rest for the wicked
I'm not a baby.	You're a big girl, huh
I see, well this happens to be a Nocturne.	A which
Somebody's been here.	Where are we now
Now wait, don't get excited, Anne. There's no reason for that. Perhaps the boys have had a little too much to drink. That's all right. I'm sorry. I'll go right down and throw them out. That's no reason for you to take this attitude. After all, I certainly have a right to invite a few of my friends to my house, haven't I?	Your house
A regular all-American guy?	I suppose you could say that
Better ease up then, Hawk. Wouldn't want to give you whiskey dick would we?	Who's Whiskey Dick
And what are the Mau-Mau's going to do for us today?	We gonna drop some knowledge, wisdom and understanding.  The Mau- Mau's, we be scientists.  We drop science
I'm talking to you asshole !	Maybe all that testosterone plugs his ears
Eventually.  Does it have to be right now?	Believe me, I wouldn't be doing this unless it was absolutely necessary. I have an idea for something
Where was she?	Across the street. She went into the park and got turned around and didn't know her way out
Nice of him.	He knew the immigration officer. He eased himself in
Wait. Slow down. A film like this, 16mm, cost two three hundred dollars, sold outright, shown in peep machines, maybe theatres, maybe not, is almost impossible to track. 'Nobody' makes it; 'nobody' shows it; 'nobody' sees it. It's like it doesn't even exist.	What's it called
I'm stayin', Homer.	Okay. Then you can be of use
Candy?	It's my pen name
We can prosecute the New York Times, go for an injunction ...	... but it's not, bottom-line, gonna change a goddamn thing, John.  The question is: How do we screw Ellsberg so bad it puts the fear of God into all leakers
Okay, Joe...	"I mean, two guys, doing the horizontal thing? I don't get it. Don't they get confused? ""Is that mine? I thought it was yours."" Hey, call me old fashioned, call me conservative... I think maybe you have to be a man to get just how nauseating the whole basic idea really is"
We didn’t quite make it as lovers... Leon is a good man, though...	Did Leon tell you why he didn’t want the police involved, Rhian
- little things here and there, it doesn't matter. You can be proud of yourself, you've got a right to be.	Are you proud of me, Bill
I was wantin' to ask you somethin'.	All right then
How did you know?	You put it back in the wrong place... Do you like Renoir
Are you a policeman or a soft-headed nincompoop?	A little of both, sir, and perhaps not quiet enough of either
Ben, think about all the people we can help if this works --	Maybe you should think about yourself for once. You always let this guy push you round -
You're being terribly tolerant, aren't you?	I'm trying terribly hard
Oh shit.	Wait here.  If you have to use this, use it.  Don't choke. Okay
That's a ridiculous move.	Why
Yes?	It's me, Rollo Linsky. Remember me
But the bridge...	Hey, Don't I always get there in time?  Come on, relax
Didn't you see <i>Raiders of the Lost Ark</i>?	What?
No buts. I told you your friends were Jackasses.	But..
I don't want to get in some kind of a jackpot here, buddy.	It's all right
But you stuck it out, anyway, all that time.	I had to, didn't I.  Nothing else for it. Then just when I'd finished my nine years -- my contract -- wallop, I had to bugger off to the States
Oh...	The world's southern most reaches
Hey, let's get something straight. If I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, but you're always gonna be the asshole, so just shoot, alright.	Who's shooting
Are you sure?	I'll honk four times so you'll hear it and know she's on her way up. Okay
It ain't worth it, Jake. Get out.	What time is it
Deceased.	The add just said &quot;Makeup Artist&quot
... . Well  you have to figure out what it wants... What's its motivation?	It's a DAMN ROCK MONSTER!!! It doesn't HAVE motivation
And to celebrate this impromptu fall break, I propose we have a party. Tonight, my house.	Are you serious
Can't promise you that, but there'll be a licensed agent here tomorrow mornin', if you want to talk to him.	Ma's shore gonna like it here. She ain't been treated decent for a long time
They bombed us, we're off the air.	Warsaw's not the only radio station
Now how can you take offense at a kid trying in every way to be as much like her ideal as possible!	Stop calling her a kid! It so happens there are particular aspects of my life to which I would like to maintain sole and exclusive rights and privileges
You've always said you felt goodness in them - that the witches brought you and Rowan together.  Isn't that right...?  They're reaching out to you, Rowan!	But it doesn't make sense.  They - they used Lasher...  they conspired with him
Let's get hitched.  I guess I, you know, love you.  It's a beautiful thing.	Wha -
It's not over yet.	It's a foregone conclusion. For Christ's sake, it's eleven PM.  The full moon is tonight
Say I just come back again?	Alexander, yours is a world of brocade and velvet, not tooth and claw.  Why would you come back to this?  To save a few cattle?  No
Damn dentures slipping again. Everything falls apart when you grow old, eh, Claude? Time sure marches on.	Yes, boss
Shall we close up, then?	Maybe we should just sit for a while. It's very peaceful
No.  It's hard to L-A-U-G-H when your father's dying.	Well, we laughed.  We laughed all the time
This is where the van was parked.	Yep
As real as you wish. Hot or cold. Humid or dry. Anything you like. Within reason.	There are limits
Is her pain sporadic or constant?	It comes at intervals.  They used to be months apart -- but they've been growing more frequent --  much more frequent
Pike, I don't think you're up to this.	I think I could help.  You gonna tell me you don't need help
We should call him and pretend to be the redhead.	Oh, we totally have to
Didn't I give you two?	No, you didn't..
Fine.  Let's say all you ever knew was apples.  Apples, apples and more apples. You might think apples were pretty good, even if you occasionally got a rotten one. Then one day there's an orange. And now you can make a decision. Do you want an apple, or do you want an orange? That's democracy.	I also like bananas
In my office?	Where are you, what floor
I'm sorry. Professor Tripp. Maybe it's seeing that jacket that belonged to her. It just looks... really lonely. Hanging there. In a closet. Maybe I'm just a little sad.	Maybe. I'm feeling a little sad myself tonight
Of course she knew! For one thing, Addison told her how superbly Eve had read the part-!  Karen, let me tell you about Eve. She's got everything - a born actress. Sensitive, understanding, young, exciting, vibrant-	- don't run out of adjectives, dear
You're terrible crude sometimes, Sailor, you know?	I can't hardly understand you when you talk with one of them Mores in your mouth
Forced spice evolution of humans changes many things.... I must sit close to him.	He will not permit anyone but me to see him. You must be outside this room.... Do what you can
Took it out the bathroom window. Buried it in the woods.	Show me
Ail right. By the way, his friend...?	The answer's yes. I think. Yes. I don't know. Where are they exactly
Hey, is that a school?	K through sixth
Well... heck, this is the first time I ever saw the customer high-pressure the salesman!  I'd figure roughly...  ...your car plus five hundred.	Five hundred
But those are my roommate's sodas...	"""But those are my roommate's sodas..."" Does that sound like a statement the son of the devil would make"
Dancing with you.	You're a sweet man, Richard
I'm trying.	Reel it in.  He's only tiny, throw him back
Who? Who says that? Now that's a malicious lie!	How many pupils do you have
Let's not start all over again, Charlie.  We've said everything that can be said.	Susan, don't go!  Susan, please
"Have I told you what this man did?				*"	Yes
Quite a bit more rain than usual this year. I hope it doesn't spoil the rhubarb.	I've already got some in. I was thinking of making a pie for dinner tonight.  How would you like that
We can't think of them just as housewives -- but as allies. And we've got to treat them as such.	Look who's talking! The Great White Father, and World's Champion of Women's Rights
Oh my God...!	What happened
You're really crazy.	I know
What do you think?	They appear to be authentic
You've taken some strange journeys in your life.	Yeah.  You could say that
...I'm sure it is, but this is Massachusetts, Doctor.  Certified in Internal Medicine?	No
Mr. Cedar!	Mr. Deeds is drawing on his warped imagination
Are you Teddy?	"My name's Leonard.							 "
Yeah, what about it?  Cut the horsing around. We know he's the stoolie and we know what the pay- off is. Let's get on with it.	Let's get on with what? What is this anyway? A Kangaroo Court? Why don't you get a rope and do it right
-- no. The basement -- the room with all the controls to this thing: big long iron levers just lying there --	-- not a chance -- there's too much weirdness down there I don't think even bullets are gonna stop
Let's get a coffee.	Yes.  Great.  Kevin, I'11 send Bean in to keep you company
By the sacred memory...	By the sacred memory..
Think I'll look aroun' an' see if I can't meet me a girl.	Thing's been workin' on me, what they was yellin' about. Got me all curious
I think about you. I mean, a lot.	Me
Are you feeling okay?	Uh-uh
I can't do that.	Okay then.  I'll do it
The woman also said he stole her husband's gun, a twenty-two pistol, and some of his clothes.	So the woman's married.  She goes to bed with this prison escapee because he misses his little girl and then tells the world about it.  But you don't reveal her name, you protect her.  It sounds like you're saying it's okay as long as her husband doesn't find out about it.  Like the guy who cheats on his wife, saying what she doesn't know won't hurt her
I should like to change into a sunflower most of all. They are so <u>tall</u> and simple. And you, Harold, what flower would you like to be?	I don't know. Just one of those
How long's this whole thing gonna take?	I don't know.  Few days.  Thanks for helping me.  I appreciate it
You sold it? I thought they stole it.	Sold it, stole it, whatever..
I can't imagine anything dead playing that music.	Well, it's probably just the caretaker, and that's exactly who we want to find.  They'll have a telephone.  C'mon
And you, what do you like?	That depends..
Double A. New Britain.	Oh
You're going too fast.	But you know what?  Nothing matters, anyway.  We are insignificant out here in the big nowhere, say the badass sociopath in my backseat.  Right? Yeah.  That's one thing I've got to thank you for, bro.  And I never saw it that way..
Virge, that's a misdemeanor.  You Go down there to arrest 'em, Something goes wrong, maybe this Time somebody gets his head Broke, suddenly it's a mess and It won't end there, you'll have Cowboys comin' around lookin' for Trouble from here to Christmas. You gonna risk all that over a Misdemeanor?	No, damn it, it's wrong, they're Breakin' the law
It's not losing record.	That's not what you said. You said if you didn't have a winning record -
"What if I were to say ""You're Fired?"""	"What if I were to say ""Your Wife""-- as in does she know of your touching mentor-student relationship with the post-Bicentennial babe working the roulette wheel"
Estimating Planet Earth one point six hours present speed.	Continue on course. Chekov, any signs of Federation escort
What were you going to say?	Listen, I'm crazy about the guy -- He's smart, he's aggressive, he could carry Parrish Communications into the 21st century and me along with it
It's payday, need me to pick up your check?	You're the best, Maxie
What business meeting?	Look at the way I live
Come on, go back there? I never got paid my expenses for the last trip.	What expenses
Which part? That or the day-to-day.	Let's keep it the day-to-day stuff.  How's Kevin
I'm getting a teacher's pet rep.	I wouldn't worry about it. You've gotta figure most people around here were their teachers' pets
Less than an hour.  It's ruptured an air duct.	Can't we fix it
Frank Mackey.  That's your son?	that'snotmy name...find Lily, gimmme that, give it -
You call being Bastaldi's lap dog better?	Better than spending my life crawling through windows in the middle of the night
Well, what about the Positive Control, the safety catch?  Don't the planes automatically come back unless they get a second order?	That's right, sir.  But the planes were at their Positive Control points, ready to turn around when General Ripper issued the final Go-code
Yeah?	Everything okay
I know it was them, Star.  I'm sure of it.  He was working in the yard -- hammering something.  The yard was big with lots of grass.  There was no boardwalk and no ocean.  She was bringing him something cold to drink... and had red hair.  I was there, too.  And a dog -- but I don't know its name.  I was running and the dog was chasing me. Then I turned around and chased the dog.  They were watching me. Drinking their cold drinks and laughing.  And I was laughing, too.	Laddie... you can <u>still</u> remember. You can still remember home
Is that good?	Shut up
All right.  Tell the pilot we'll be a half-hour.	EXT. DAM - DAY
You talked to Stifler?	Well...I needed to find you.  We are gonna have to practice that song
Well, considering everything's horrible and tomorrow I have to face my parents... Don't ask me ... I'm sick of my own complaints ... got to get me a new set of thoughts.	Why? What have you been thinking about
Four months, two and a half weeks -- that's how long.  And you've already got more patients than those other two shrinks combined.	Lily, I don't think even you could know that -
I can't... they don't operate that way...	"Fuck how they operate. Just do it. like your man says, ""By any means necessary."
No.	Okay we won't talk about it
So I hear.  Even talkin' to you could get me a rap for aiding and abetting.	Don't worry, Eddie, no one knows I'm here
Mrph mprph!!	What? What do you mean you don't belong here? Relax guy, hell is for children
I thought the porters had instructions from the High Lama not to take anyone.	The High Lama? Who pays any attention to him? The porters laugh at the High Lama. All they want to know is how much gold he will give them. Well, I gave them more gold. I've been stealing it for a year. I'd do anything to get out of this place. To get away from that High Lama - the one who calls himself Father Perrault! Why, he's been insane for years
Well, can't we kill it?  I mean, we can't leave the damn thing on him.	We don't know what might happen if we tried to kill it.  At least right now it's keeping him alive
No!	Oh?  Perhaps someone pushed you then
God's blessing.	There's the way, mates
You met the kids I have working for me? Great bunch, aren't they?	Oh yes, indeed. Top flight
So what?  What did it get me?  I'm wearing a cardboard belt.	Ahhhhhh!  But that's where you made your error.  You didn't go all the way.  You see, if you were really a bold criminal, you could have raised a million
What?	Young man, you will tell Peincipal Victoria THIS INSTANT where you heard all these horrible phrases
He got killed at a turkey shoot.	Your brother
He's got a real taste for it now. And he's getting better at his work.	Maybe you've got a knack for this... I guess we're about to find out
Am I not beautiful enough to be loved?	Yes
Are you going home?	No
You're giving them an awful lot of credit for being on the ball.	First lesson in War College:  Never under- estimate your enemy
No.	Get the inkling, Sam.  I'm getting tired of your attitude
It's easy for you to be patient.	No, it's not. I thought I was done waiting for Reed... We're all in this together now, Ben
Do you always drive this fast?	Have I trespassed on a male prerogative?  We're being followed. I saw him at Trubshaw's ..
What do you want? An apology?	No, I want my cut
But he didn't say anything.	Hang on a second
A fire! Is this your idea of humor, my friend?	I want the money back I've thrown into this rubbish heap
Go ahead.	Why do men chase women
But a fabulous cook.	What are we having
I can't imagine you crying.	Relax ... it was fifteen years ago. I don't do it now
Actually it's G. Ober... Gerry Ober, but the guys drew in the other O, fucking assholes.	Great story Goober, how much
That money is my whole future.	Keep up with that attitude, and you won't have a future.  Seventeen is a hell of an age to die. Is that what you want
The greasy pole.	No loyalty
Yes, thank you.	Hello, Helen
So what do we do, General Lee?	Just like in the war. Harass their supply lines. We kill the railroad's men, they won't care
What was my mission?  To help my country?  But how could I do that? I was only a poor girl who knew nothing about riding or making war... so I decided to wait and not to speak to anyone about it.	You did well..
Any quick advice for young boxing hopefuls?	...Stay in school an' use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an' forget about sports!! Sports can only make ya grunt an' smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!
May God make safety your companion.	There is no God.  But I hope someone looks after you
Perhaps not.  You seem to have misplaced a private.  No doubt by now his head is stranger to his neck.	No doubt
Not you. Them.	Who
I AM CALM.	You're not calm.  You're screamin' and yellin' and I'm here to check on a disturbance that was reported and that's what I'm gonna do - now are you alone in here
You got a round figure on it?	Definitely the most important guy in this room
It took some high-powered acting, believe me.	Did it
You this director was doing a film here, Burke Dennings?	I've seen him
So... for how long do we have to...	Baby, at what point would you quit botherin' to look for your two million dollars
I'm -- I'm with a friend.	And who is that
Give me one reason I can understand.	I can't write it
Your parents'd kill you.	Oh c'mon, I love 'em, but you know they only had me 'cause Peter needed a kidney
Well I was born in St. Louis.	Do you want me to pet your head
Do not misunderstand me. I do not hold your frivolity against you.  As basic material you might not be bad, but you are the unfortunate product of a doomed culture. I feel sorry for you.	You must admit that this doomed old civilization sparkles... It glitters
But it won't be Christmas tomorrow.	All right, Amy.  Go tell Edward to take you
Who?	You know Dave, his wife used to do dressmaking for you before she died
I guess I have what you'd call a love-hate relationship with Grace.	You love her, but you hate her
I appreciate your stickin' your neck out.  I wouldn't have asked ya if it weren't for Luther.	Ain't nothin' gonna make up for Luther, kid.  Revenge is for suckers.  I been griftin' 30 years and never got any
Yeah.	I watched her eat the watermelon. And all this juice started running down her chin and onto her shirt
I like this ring.	You propose to a woman you should offer her a ring of engagement
Well, I don't trust her.  I never have.	She took our wedding photos, for chrissakes.  You don't trust anyone
Only two steps back?  Even the man they left to guard me retreated further than that.	I -- I found your jailer
Janet, are you okay? Are you there?	He... he's here..
I'm sorry, I thought you were somebody else.	I've discovered something about Lindenmeyer'5 Maestro teaching tool I thought you should know...  The harm done to the music students who used the device —— it was not by accident. The machine was designed explicitly for that purpose. Lindenmeyer intended to hurt the kids using it
This is maybe worse than you and I are used to.  What I'm talking about, I'm talking about murder. Among other things.	Who
pierdes.	El/ella 
Can't you understand--I got tired of being a woman. I wanted the respect that only a cape, boots, chestplate, and a mechanical spear can bring..	You're not strong. You're scared..scared that someone like me will see right through you. Whatever the Cult of Good was, it's not anymore... You don't have to listen to me, just listen to you.
How's Peterson's holding up for you?	It's fine. Comfortable. I still can't get used to how dark it gets around here, though. When we leave the ranch, I always hold my breath until I can see the motel
I don't know what to say.	Save the words ... Just send back my credit card
If I tell you, then it's no fun.	Just tell me the fucking riddle
Ben Franklin's going to Paris, but I think the French will be long on talk and short on guns.  Our troops are mobs, they won't take orders, have no equipment... could they beat the British?	It comes down to leaders.  If our leaders are ordinary men who truly believe; if they go into the forests with the troops, eat what they eat, fight with them, perhaps to die?  The most common soldier will defy your most depressing expectation
You son of a bitch.	Don't make me pull rank, Ripley
James Cole.  That's everything we got.  None of the James Coles on the computer match him. No license, no prints, no warrants.  Nothing. You want me to go in with you?	No, thank you
I know that. But I'm --	Come on
Standby automatic approach system ... Advise approach control.	Approach control... this is Enterprise. Ready for docking maneuver
Who the fuck knows? Musta slipped or something. I just heard the gun go off.	I never seen a man shot before. Not even in the service. Must be something
Oh, that!  Don't take it personally. He always wakes up before I do. Down boy!  Roseanne Barr naked!	Who's your decorator
You picked the unrequited variety. Very bad for the skin.	You're evil, Maxine
Suck my ass.	Terrific
Try less appropriate.	Ben Gay
I hate the storm. I hate it!	The storms have done everything they can to me, I don't hate them. I don't even hear the wind. It blows beyond me. It was on such a night as this that Barbara died
Where are you going?	Up
Left here! Left!	You bet I left him, took the dog and we was history
They know I broke in. Alice helped me.  Shrot's not one of them. He's blundering into this on his own.	He doesn't know about the Day Care
Figured it out.	Figured what out
I don't understand.	Wildman's in town. He just became an American citizen. Something big's about to go down. I want to know where he goes and who he sees. I want you, sport, to give me the missing half of the picture..
Get in the boat, Rennie!	I...I can't..
Doug, I can't just leave you!	You're in the clear, keep it that way, I'll be okay
How do we know this is the way?	We blew the Horn Resounding
Hasn't anyone ever told you that before?	Let's talk about something else
Perhaps I'm old-fashioned.  I know it was supposed to be very warm there, Mitch, but... well... actually... well, the newspaper said she was naked.	I know, Mother
There it is... Thursday... you can't rip it out of the week....	But I can throw it out of the window
Would you two like a cup of tea?	You see, sly villains
Who was this partner of his?	A Southern gentlemen.  I don't recall his name.  I suppose it's unkind of me to say it, but he had the most disconcerting glass eye
Shoot.	How old are you
...yeah...good...	...you need some old forms that she had...somebody's dying..
You faked my dad's murder. You used him! Where is he! Theo chases Sid and Breeze around their car. He catches Sid and grabs the middle fingers on his right hand. Sid howls.	"Ow! Ooh! No, please! Doc said I'd be back on the planks in a week! Show him Breeze! Breeze pulls a copy of ""New York Bowler"" from his pocket. The headline reads ""RUB OUT!:BOWLING LEGEND KACKED BY DWARFSCAM KINGPIN"" with a photo of Buzz Fazeli"
Giulia...	Here I am
Yes, but looks are deceiving...  Not in this case, however.	Are you going to have women at your party
Mine and Professor Krempe's.  We've been trading off nursing you in shifts. The rest of the time we're out working with the cholera victims. It's his turn for that just now.	You've been going round-the-clock
I beat the odds!	You beat 'em to shit, pal!  Jesus
If you're so innocent, why'd you run?	Gee, Eddie, I'm a rabbit.  We always run
To be perfectly honest, I haven't the vaguest idea.	Are you serious
The enemy is matching velocity.	The enemy is matching velocity
You gotta keep clear, Tom. The fambly's breakin' up. You *got* to keep clear.	What's that--detour
I'm not a beautiful young prospect, ripe for corruption.	Don't be so sure
You know, I just want to look so good, but I don't want to seem, you know, like I'm overdressed.  You know what I'm saying? HANNAH  Oh, no, not at all.	Well, how about this
It doesn't mean anything.	Why would they do all that if we weren't
Mulder, this is going to take some time, and somebody's going to figure out soon enough we're not even supposed to be here.  I'm in serious violation of medical ethics.	We're being blamed for these deaths. Scully, I want to know what this man died of. Don't you
And that's one of them.	Sssh.  Sweet Sue
What's the problem?	Well, it ain't so much a problem a a situation. Remember I sold those three M-60 machine guns outta the five I got
Wait a minute -	Get them out of here. If he says one word, shoot him
His name's not Future Man, Dignan.	I know it's not
Where’s M?	Soon she’ll be everywhere
I don't have to prove shit to you. The Ripley job is <i>my</i> job.  You're either in or you're not.  You wanna pop some crack dealer pissed you off, that's your problem, not mine.	Look, Glenn, I know you cool, but you don't have to give me no tone of voice, okay?  You don't like what I'm saying, you can get out anywhere along here you want
Did I say jerk?	I'm sorry for the dramatic entrance, but I'm in a hurry. Will you have a wee bit of a drink now and then
Phil for God sake.	God? No I didn't think you'd want to invoke God Rose, because he saw even more than I did. ROSE Look Phil, if you want the rights of a husband, you're gonna have to ask me something but if not, you're gonna have to get accustomed to the rights of what you are
"We're about dry bones, sweetheart. We don't wanna have to push this ""bird"" into New Orleans."	We sure don't, honey...  Get me a Mounds
The Theatuh, the Theatuh-  - what book of rules says the Theater exists only within some ugly buildings crowded into one square mile of New York City? Or London, Paris or Vienna?  Listen, junior. And learn. Want to know what the Theater is? A flea circus. Also opera. Also rodeos, carnivals, ballets, Indian tribal dances, Punch and Judy, a one-man band - all Theater. Wherever there's magic and make-believe and an audience - there's Theater. Donald Duck, Ibsen, and The Lone Ranger, Sarah Bernhardt, Poodles Hanneford, Lunt and Fontanne, Betty Grable, Rex and Wild, and Eleanora Duse. You don't understand them all, you don't like them all, why should you? The Theater's for everybody - you included, but not exclusively - so don't approve or disapprove. It may not be your Theater, but it's Theater of somebody, somewhere.	I just asked a simple question
Dad, look what I drew.	That's something, Jasper.  What is it
Telling you what?	Who's the head honcho!  Who's providing the smack connection
Do you want Athos arrested, your Majesty?	Not by you.  I will order d'Artagnan to do it
How long have you been having them?	The last month maybe
Vodka!	Shot of vodka, please
I understand that if I had a few more friends like you and Bob I'd be dead.	If you say so
Why? Because I got bored and had sex with you one day, and then I didn't, like, marry you?	"Like I'd marry you! You would be the meanest wife of all time. And anyway, I know you weren't bored that day because there was a lot of stuff on TV. The Blair Witch Project was on Starz, and you were like, ""Oh, I want to watch this, but we should make out instead. La la la."
Not really. I'd say that Gordon is one of the most astute collectors around. He has a great eye and he only buys the best. Like this rug for instance, a silk Tabriz, the finest of its kind. The day after he bought it in London, a dealer representing the Saudi Royal Family offered him twice what he paid. It absolutely makes the room. See how this little bit of celadon in the border is picked up in the cushions oh the sofa... although...  I don't know if I would have used that tea dipped linen for the upholstery - too dingy. And it's a sacrilege having that Pre-Columbian pot in the center of the coffee table. Some dope might use it as an ashtray.	I gather you're a decorator
Step lively now!	His feet shall never cross my lips
You know if the boy ever talked to a psychiatrist?	Head-shrinker
Go on, Laz. You can talk to me.	My little niece... she got this deep cough
Exposure. They can't have it. They wanna learn what you know and then deal with it.	I don't know <u>anything</u>
A human being, oh, good, I'm relieved, I thought you were going to say you were a music lover. This man, this great artist has made anti-Semitic remarks like you wouldn't believe. I got letters.	Major, show me someone who hasn't made an anti-Semitic remark and I'll show you the gates of paradise
Beautiful thing, alimony.  Lose a husband, get a car.  Think it'll help me pick up dudes?	Absolutely
Your Majesty has had many women --	That is my desire, and my desire is what should concern you, not the sentiments of some commoner
... Now he's going to want to stay. And they'll want to take a ride to the lake or whatever. So it's a good five hours back. It gives us a chance to take it easy and...	I'm going back with you
Be careful.	I'm trying
Charles!  I didn't know you were back.  Have a good holiday?	Not too bad, thanks.  How have you been
Oh I wouldn't miss it for the world. I bet you did such a great job.	I did. Hon, although I got a total of six minutes screen time, they're the best six minutes of the movie
Yeah, but that's an old story, you don't want to hear it.	Sure I do
...to Fort McGruder in his truck.	Wait.  This town is full of trucks.  Nice new trucks.  You don't need to go..
Jim, maybe we should just go. I've got to look in on the kids. Paul is supposed to be coming back in from the city.	Jesus, let me make it up to you -- I can do better than that, honestly -
Hurry, hurry.	Yes, yes 
Everything's gonna be fine.	Excuse me, but I believe that's mine..
You don't have a passport.	That's where you're wrong.  I got one nine years ago.  I just never had an opportunity to use it
Sure you do! No one reads!... Listen, book publishing isn't exactly a bed of roses these days...	What sort of bed is it
...Hello?	Milo? Gary Boyd. I'm hoping you and your friend can come up here. We've made some amazing strides in digital convergence. I'd love to show them to you
German.	You're both going to a lot of trouble--  Maybe you can con somebody into believing you're me to get your foot in the door--but once you're inside, you're on your own.  I'm sure you're sincere...  ...but I was being groomed for something like this myself.  Even without the accident I don't think I would have made it.  My point is--how the hell do <i>you</i> expect to pull this off
Exactly, I mean, after all, we're men!	Damn right!  That's what I tell them when people say you've turned into a fish
Well — the mother or daughter -- whichever one gave it to you. You ask Edward to go with you.	I got my wish anyway
Nothin', just goin' to the bathroom.	Is anything wrong
Gino Marzzone.	Marzzone?  As in Angelo Marzzone, head of the Marzzone family
So that's what this is all about.  We'll get together and plan your curriculum.	Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. When I get through with her, she'll be the premier Blow Job Queen of the Tri-State area and poor little Court's heart will be shattered
Naw.  But they will be.  They're the best.	How do you know
Murdered?  Why?	There was this case.  A serial.  He murdered three women, all nurses, between '68 and '69.  The papers called them the Nightingale Murders.  They never caught him.  But the killings just stopped
Excuse me? Are you talking to me?	I'd have knocked you off those bottles, put a bullet in your ass and be half way to New York right now
No!... Yes, a little. You see Hollis and my fa... my father had a falling out...	Over the water department, or over you
Shh.	No one to back me up. Now I have a good idea. So unless you come up with something better -
I don't want that. I want to be with you.	And I want to be with someone who understands the meaning of the word commitment
Why didn't you take all your clothes off? You could have stopped forty cars.	We don't need forty cars
Yeah?  And what are you going to do tonight?	I'm going to get laid
You know where to look for your Austrian, right?	I know where to look
Maybe Glen already picked up the disks.	I took the call from Glen personally. They're still in Smith's house
Oh, uh, I meant to tell you... Alex brought that fabric over...	Okay
Galvin, look, many years ago...	And don't give me this shit, 'I was a lawyer, too.' 'Cause I know who you were. You couldn't hack it as a lawyer. You were Bag Man for the Boys and you still are. I know who you are
Nothing.	The gun?  It's in the upstairs closet
"Remember what Lenin said in 1917, Mr. President: ""The power was lying in the streets just waiting for someone to pick it up.""  The Communists have never been closer.  Now is the time to go back to the old themes, the ones that made you president.  Let the Communists know you're onto them."	The little bastards think they can ruin Tricia's wedding day by dancing naked in the Reflecting Pond
Give me one minute.	You've got it, Wendell
Uh, well, I love you, too, Jack.  So. Susie.  How 'bout it.	Huh
But the thing is-I mean, since our discussions here, I feel I have a right to my own feelings. I think you woulda been happy because... uh, uh, I really asserted myself.	The incredible thing about it is, I'm paying for her analysis and she's making progress and I'm getting screwed
Sir?	I don't buy that hot dog shit.  So you and your buddies are gonna transfer your planes up to Haleiwa
Are you scared?	Yes
Are you still in love with Alan?	No.  I mean, 'no you can't ask me that.' I mean, ask me something else
You work for Ryuji?	Sometimes. I told you I did
Oh Jack, I'm so warm. I'm burning up.	Here
Well, do we just go on up?!	No, son! We wait for night.  Now...is precisely when... we must be at our... most cautious
I will relay the message.	Alright, thanks
Adam! Calm down.	I won't calm down. I can't do this. We can't do this. It won't work. It will not work
You're on a roll kiddo. Enjoy it while it lasts -- 'cause it never does.	...just kickin' ass and taking names, Mr. Mannheim
Keep it steady....	Aye, aye, Captain...
It looks like the furnace.	Let's get outta here
Ticket!  What's going on?	She's flying to New York.  She's been nominated for a Silver Mike..
The stamp market, of course -- it is here every Thursday afternoon. This is where Jean-Louis trades his --	Good Lord! The stamps! Where is he? Sylvie -- we've got to find him
Falling.	No. Please, Dorothy. Why are you in so much trouble
I can talk it over; possibly I can get the money. When are you meeting the man?	Tomorrow evening, nine. East River Drive and 73rd Street
Left hand's the past.  Your right's the present.  And the future.  But it's not written in stone.  It's written in flesh and blood.  And flesh and blood will change.  See?  There's something here, a new line, right across your life line.	Must be my clothes line.  No?  How bout my phone line
I was there. An eyewitness.	You were there? At the play - last night
Stop it!	It's you, Norman.  Your fear of drowning.  You have to face it
How long have you been waiting?	Since four
Is that good or bad?	It's all good.  You got a hit show, you're gonna need a bank.  Plus, I love these old black collectibles
Ram and I died the day we realized we could never reveal our forbidden love to an uncaring and ununderstanding world. The joy we shared in each other's arms was greater than any touchdown. Yet we were forced to live the lie of Sexist- Beer Guzzling-Jock-Asshole.	Exquisite, but I don't think ununderstanding is a word
It's crazy and dangerous. My God, I shouldn't have told you.	It'll be okay. I don't think you should wait out here though. I think you should go home. Can you drive this car
Forgive me, Chauncey - I didn't mean to pry. You must have been very close to him.	Yes. I was
My pleasure, sir.	Please forgive me for keeping you waiting
"His ""veracity"" was good enough for the State of Mississippi."	Our standards have to be higher than anyone else's, because we are the standard... for everyone else..
Walter, I'm sorry...	You just can't be sorry! I wanna - I wanna marry you
Mantan, way too short, too tight. Get her one of dose...	...to big.  The in-between one, not too tight, not too lose
Honor, I suppose.	What a handsome word
No…not really.	S'funny.  When your mom and dad, uh, passed away, I had this idea. I wanted you to be the best baseball player in the world
Are you serious?  My boyfriend ditched me...	Ditched you
And that pose is out too, Sunny Jim. The new thing is to care passionately, and be right wing. Anyway, you won't meet Susan if you don't cooperate.	And who's this Susan when she's at home
Jessica... listen to me... listen to me...  The Lifeclocks made me kill Francis. They make people die or be killed every day. If I didn't try and destroy that... I couldn't live here or anywhere. Do you understand?	I want to be alive and with you, that's all I want
Is this something you're interested in?  I'm not really that person I was.	I realize.  Maybe you could... tell me a little about yourself
Did I kill a guy named Benito?	No, he's the guy I'm having an affair with
Bad news. Father's looking for you. Where are those bloody ministers?	Have a look at this
You open your mouth and stupidity pours out.	Sorry
No.	So. I'm here, you're here, the piano's here.  What d'ya say
You're amazing.	I know
There are degrees of truth, officer. Always degrees.	You're a good man, Hardy
You know, you've been acting like this ever since I went up to see my brother at Mankato. I told you, nothing happened!	Something happened. Because your eyes? Are very cold? They're very cold, Josh. They're cold, lying eyes
So?	It's your radiator hose.  It's busted
I'm sorry to keep you.  How can I help?	I want to book a flight to Fiji
Pete... I do apologize.	Eighty-four years old! I'll be gummin' pab-you-lum
If this holds up, and it very well may not, Mike... but, if it did. And we aired this segment? And CBS was sued by Brown & Williamson? I think we could be at grave risk.	How grave
You must know Ian.	I don't
I love Fort Holland.	What you saw tonight -- two brothers at each other's throat and a woman driven mad by her own husband?  Do you love that
People phoned in.	Stop kidding.  I want to know what happened
And when he arrived at your house, was anyone there?	No
The scale... it's just...  So all the civilizations you detect; they all end up coming here?	Not all.  Some choose to stay at home and dream their dreams.  Some never make it this far
Gots no intention of ending up broke.	Y'know, at the beginnin' of the century, African-American had to perform in blackface.  You ever heard of Bert Williams?  He was a great artist
I'd give anything to have this in my house, even for a week.	...few thousand dollars down the drain if you ask me
Bullshit.	Hey, fuck you man, you weren't there, we were. And I'm tellin' ya, the cops had that store staked out
Fine.	Only I'll turn it off -
Ya'll making me look like a punk.	It ain't about being a punk, son.  It's about this..
I suppose so.	Right.  It's not a classic anecdotes, is it
When were the Sacred Scrolls written?	Twelve hundred years ago
Show business?	"Yes. It's always fascinated me.  You know, once, when I was a youngster, I went to see Mrs. Leslie Carter in ""Zaza."" After the play I stood in the alley just to watch her come out"
What happened...?	They, uh, they got to my witness
Mother and Dr. Darling have me under observation. They think I tried to kill you.	Why should they think that
Don't shoot me. Mason was actually slinging it over his shoulder...	For christ's sake. Mason trudges down the tu=3Del.  Goodspeed follows him
Half a buck I'd close it down...it's per...you know, it's perfidy, you got your Barrenger, molesting little girls...	He should be put in jail
Take it off.	Why
Yeah, I know dat motherfucker.	I'm trying to organize a boycott of Sal's pizza joint.  Ya see what I'm saying
Yeah, the fucking lawyer.	Told him you could get him a snuff film
I need to talk to Annette.	She's not here
Now what's he know about garbage, huh?	Nothing
M'I gonna see you tonight?	That's right
How come you're not at Sal's?	I'm working
No.  I'm an archaeologist.	What do you want
Give it to me.	What's this supposed to mean
Water?	Waves...  A beach.  A woman whispering.  That's all.  I need to stay awake.  Do you have any pills
Half a buck I'd put him in jail...	You should
I'm not sure I know it.	We'll give him the hook on the train, and play him here.  You think I can get in that poker game, Eddie
Holy-jumped-up-baldheaded-Jesus-CHRIST!	Uncle Al
Considering the enormous exposure to which you've subjected this firm, I'd think you'd do best to simply answer my questions.	Really
Good, good.  Glad to hear it.	We've met before, y'know, that White House function, the President had you on his right and you know where I was
Monk Zheng said you were at Wudan Mountain.  He said you were practicing deep meditation.	Yes
Maybe I'm just not ready for that yet.	Well, Roy, if that's the way you feel, I won't badger you.  Don't want to lose you as a salesman, too
Sometimes... Don't know why it is... I get so hot I can't stand it. I just start sweating like a dog. You ever get like that?	No
Let's go.  Time to move out.	Fuck you!  Let go of me
No. I couldn't see.	Do me a favor. Go back to your parents for a minute, would you?  They look worried
I know. When the storm hits, it don't pay to be caught outside.	I got a place for you. In my family... or in the cemetery
Can I go home and work this out and let you know?  In a week or so?	Look if you can't think of anything, it doesn't matter.  I'll do one.  My five favorite from the old days at the Dodger
Water polo - isn't that terribly dangerous?	I'll say.  I had two ponies drowned under me
That's right: 'going steady' for four weeks now.	And what age are you? Thirteen? Fourteen
We're here Aubrey!  Look, don't be afraid.  We want you to come back to us...	It's dark!  I can't breathe
It looks like we're too late.	There are no other ships in the system
Even if we <u>could</u> tranq him-- how would we get him on land.	Other than to eat us
C'mon, Forsythe. Are there any more on the list?	No. Dotty's the last
My husband never laid a hand on her. She would have told me... she would have told me...	You're probably right, and I probably won't find anything. I don't have a right to ask this, and you can kick me out of your house if you want, but this is my profession and there's a part of me that can't let it go.  Police are just as human as you or I.  They could have missed something.  They probably didn't.  Wouldn't you rather know
I thought you were going to go away. Aren't the police after you?	I don't know
Let me go. Children get off.	I will follow on the next plane. Go
The XK 101. Luthor, that operates on radio waves. And with our fail-safe system, only the President himself can push that button.	I know. I know.  I never promised myself a rose garden
Please? What friends?	I don't have much time
You're being ridiculous.	Industrial espionage is not ridiculous.  Edward, how do you know she hasn't attached herself to you so she can bring Kross back information
Don't let's talk about it.	You said it! How about a little action
We'll see about that ...	He's nervous, sir.  He's heard you're looking for a new director
You know Dick Allen, Mesa's Casino?	Dick Allen's a very dear friend of mine. How far you want to go with this
I thought you said you were crap.	I had to say something to get you here
2:00 A.M.	You doin' anything tonight
How much longer for the range and power projections?	I don't know.  Um, he's working, but there's a lot of data. Maybe...another hour
...where you're makin' a move on the wife of Archangel de Jesus Montoya?	No
Don't be silly, Cyril. These are respectable people. They'd probably bore you to death.	No, they won't. Not when you are there. Oh, please, be a sport. Please ask me
I see.	You say you were in the room with the body from the time you discovered it 'til we came
So what are these Spanish guys like?	I wouldn't know
You'd slow us down and put Margo in danger.	Unlock one of the other storage rooms.  We're going upstairs.  We'll leave a trail back to 1012 and try to trap the monster in here
John Doe, the one in the speech.	Oh. Yeah
He said he knew how to protect us. But he didn't know anything.  He made us think it was over and done with.	What is
We're going to Atlantic City for the honeymoon.	I'll talk to Nucky. Get you set up like the fuckin' Prince of Wales
Jennifer.	You're back
He's at the Beverly Wilshire.	Where's that
Honey, come on.  The government wants you to be scared.  They want everybody to be scared to speak out.  They count on it.  But there's nothing to be scared of.	You and your government!  What's the matter with you?  Don't you have any feelings?  Your daughter!  What kind of man are you
Slow down.	"""Go, go, go!""  ""Slow down.""  Make up your mind"
Really?  Is the food that bad?	Oh no.  Not at all
Sal? Sal, it's me, Nick.	Nick. Hey. How's things
That must hurt.	I've always thought you were a pretty nice guy, Brandon.  I'd like to go on thinking so.  If you tried to help her get away-
I'd like to think so. I know one of them went on to Medical school.	Why did you stop
Did you ride past Casey Becker's house?	No, I didn't. I didn't kill anyone, Sheriff
Do you want to come inside?	Aren't your parents asleep
One shouldn't live alone.	Some people prefer it
I can't help it if I'm stupid.	... that you don't remember getting pregnant..
You fancy him.	I respect him. At worst he was a worthy enemy. Show mercy... Oh thou great king... and win the respect of your own people
Excuses are like assholes, Taylor - everybody got one.	Knock it off! We got two men need attention here. Police up your extra ammo and frags, don't leave nothing for the dinks. Hoyt, Junior, carry Gardner
Of all the crazy things. I understood when you dropped out of law school. And during this whole mess, I've tried to be supportive. But, really, Letty, what can you be thinking?	I love him
Suit yourself. But I'll tell you, where we're headed is gonna get colder'n hell.	It's all right. I'm fine
Where are you from originally?	Around here
He thinks he's Joe Gunn now.	I'm impressed. He knows a lot
Did you hear that?	Yeah.  Al wants to talk to you
I will not cry like a woman. If I'm upset it's because of what my husband said, not because of you. You can't make me cry like a woman, a woman has got just as much intelligence and self-control as a man. And you get this in your head. If you hurt that girl, I'll hire lawyers and sue you for malpractice for every penny you have got, I'll do my level best to ruin you. Do you understand me?	Yes, I understand you, but you have misunderstood me completely
Be quiet.	I'm going to call the police. I'm going to watch you play the great Baron with the police. Aristocrat! Aristocrat
No.  I don't work here.	Huh
I'm using an old phonographic turntable.	For the focuser
No, I'm serious.  If you book Tony, do NOT EXPECT TO GET ANDY.	I'll take my chances!
[Beat] What?	William Starks is dead... [Beat] I've been to his grave
I've put extra men on, all along the way.	It's not enough!  Are you certain she's not with King Westley
Premeditated murder.	Oh
I've gotten the 'sackaroo' in many ways - but never in rhyme.	Oh, I don't mean that. I'm sure I'm going to need your help
Woman, what are you doing here?	I wanted to be sure of something, General -- something that has always preyed on my mind. I have a horror of being buried alive and awakening to find myself shut in —- entombed —— imprisoned.
Yes, Yes I know. Victor, whatever I do, will you believe that I, that --	-- You don't even have to say it. I'll believe. Goodnight, dear
It's over, Evelyn. It's all over	Touchy, touchy. I'm sorry I brought the wedding up. Let's just avoid the issue, alright? Now, are we having coffee
What's the point?  Look at me.	I am. And I'm looking at a beautiful, fabulous, sexy woman
You used to listen to me. When you asked me to teach you something of the Craft.	I could teach you a thing or two now
Oh, you're not going. You're staying.	No, I'm going
Annie, was that you?	Of course
That's a lie!  They want me, they want me!  I get letters every day!	You tell her, Max.  Come on, do her that favor.  Tell her there isn't going to be any picture -- there aren't any fan letters, except the ones you write yourself
- looking.	Sorry - didn't copy
Ma'am, how could you not report this?  He puts human life at risk and--	Nobody <u>lives</u> on this lake.  it's really <u>his</u> lake now
It's Ichiro.  Ich.	Leave the rice cake outside and go home
ok.	What I just said...y'know, people afraid to say things....no guts to say the things that they...that are real or something..
Thanks a lot.	I thought Sonny was the good guy
Only two things come out of Oklahoma, steers and queers. Which one are you, boy? I don't see any horns so you must be a queer.	No, sir
Wait until I tell my friends I had you naked in my arms.  Won't they be surprised?	I haven't done a damn thing with you
Oh . . . no, there's no one back home.	What about here
Are we supposed to?	It's not a question of supposed to, it's an entirely personal decision... Some do some don't
No.	But you're planning to be
They're in the neighborhood. They usually hassle Vietnamese grocers.	Jesus, Teddy
Dad, I really think we should call the cops.	No! We can't let anyone know about this thing! We gotta play ball with these guys - you ask Stan Grossman, he'll tell ya the same thing
I thought you were a December baby.	This is bigger. Seven years to the day. No blackouts
I'm glad you think so. If you ask me, it's foolish. I told you there's no sense in our staying here tonight. We could make New York in less than three hours.	I couldn't arrive in New York at three in the morning. Everybody's in bed
I've read they're using it to repair cancer cells.	And for cleaning up oil spills
And I'm the Devil! Now kindly undo these straps!	If you're the devil, why not make the straps disappear
Are you gay?... baked apple?... they're cold but they're good.	No thanks
I've never felt better in my life. When do you get off work?	My shift ends at four, but I couldn't -
The what?	The vine -- the Baneberry that scratched you during your illegal climb over my wall..
We stop at Pancakes Hause.	What're you, nuts? We had pancakes for breakfast. I gotta go somewhere I can get a shot and a beer - and a steak maybe.  Not more fuckin' pancakes. Come on
Oh, hell. Drink?	No thanks
Magua would use the ways of Les Francais and the Yengeese...	The red man put down the bow, picked up the fire stick and became the best warrior in the forest. Yes. It is the only way
No.  I'm all right.  I won't let this affect me anymore.  John wouldn't get help.  His ego endangered the lives of others.  His theory came first.	What if Whittlesley arrived on the tepui and no monster was there?  Was he desperate enough to create one
Thank you.  I believe she would have wanted it.	Did you know her very well
Uh-huh. To carry out the principles you talked about in your radio speech.	I don't care what they're forming. I'm on my way and I don't like the idea of being stopped either
Uh huh. They'll be sorry. 'Course you'll be dead.	Oh God, I am such an utter fool
I want you to hurt me.	No. I told you. I don't want to hurt you. I want to help you. I think I know some of what is happening to you.  . Dorothy? Frank has your husband and son. Dorothy? Doesn't he? You have to do something Dorothy. go to the police
Are you trying to be funny?	I'm totally serious
Fox says Bluestar just hit 23. What do you want him to do?	Sell it all.  What the hell, so I'll only make ten million
You're a funny guy, Talley.	I'm going to put on an officer named Will Maddox.  You talk to him for a while
Excuse me.	I'm paying you to give cello lessons. Not to pervert my child
What' s the idea [of wanting so many] do you sell them [to the doctor]?	Oh, no. It's my own idea. I'm in the business. In the fur business
The Warren Commission call him?	His boss was the one on the Warren Commission who handled all the leads to the intelligence community
He had access to the keys --	-- Yes
Next time when I feel a little better perhaps.	I was going to get up and get a hen out there for dinner, but time got away
It was fine.	I wish I could say the same for myself. I was up thinking about you all night
We think this party might cheer her up. Just make sure you know what's expected of you.	What would that be, sir
Hillary Mitchell? How's she?	Oh she's great...she's a little crazy though. Anyway, Hillary said that you had a black Ford truck and this policeman I know got in touch with Motor Vehicles and...he gave me your address and here I am
I never got to know him, really. I couldn't speak Japanese, and his English was terrible. But I couldn't say anything, because his English was better than my Japanese.	That sounds like a problem
Can you not go yourself.	I'm a fugitive from the law. I can't be seen on the fucking streets. Now watch my lips. Kempton Park. Two-thirty. Five pounds to win. Bad Boy
Not...gray.	Not really, no
Nobody. It was closed.	With this guy locked in
Where are all the mediums?	Frida, grab that red one
My married boyfriend - setting him up with that news story so you could talk about infidelity.  I couldn't believe it.	You like the wild ones, don't you? Tillman, Nicolet and now Foley.  You know, I've always said there's a thin line between the cowboy cops and the armed robbers, all those guys that love to pack
Come to the point, Dr. Honorius.	Directly, Mr. President. This wretched man, the accused, is only a pawn in the conspiracy. We know that he was wounded in the throat at the time of his capture. The State charges that Dr. Zira and a corrupt surgeon named Galen experimented on this wounded animal, tampering with his brain and throat tissues to create a speaking monster ..
Frederico!	Ciao bello.  Don't you want to fuck every woman you see. Just once
Yes. It has.	... You will honor me and my family with a visit, won't you
Boating?	No
We haven't looked in the barn, yet.  Let's take a look.	Not now.  I'm cold
Are you a deist?  Is that it?  A free thinker who does not believe in divinity.	It is only important what you are. An adulterer..
Yeah. A glorified doormat.	Yes. You see, rich people need someone to keep the crowds away. The world's full of pests. Then there's the newspapers to handle. One must know when to seek publicity - and when to avoid it
You told me that your boy was washed up with Susie Hunsecker, didn't you?	Yeah, and it's the truth, to the best of my knowledge.  And, frankly, I'm glad.  For Steve's sake, I'm glad, not yours.  I manage these boys and I got their best interests at heart.  Steve shouldn't get mixed up with no bimbo at his age
Why do you say that?	Once I wanted five grand --  Cash 
I mean I loved you -- you were terribly funny.  But all that kissing my ears...	Oh no -- this is just getting worse. I am going to find myself, 30 years from now, still on this couch
We said a hundred.	The price rises with the temperature and right now you're smokin'. But you're right, you should shop around and get the best price. I'll just let you out here
Who is he?	My bodyguard. He follows me everywhere. He’s decisive, vigilant.  And he makes an excellent omelette
Want to go? Let's go back in.	Okay
I wanted to make a few more of these. Frank's been drinking this Mexican beer. It makes a good green.	How come you're not peeing on them yourself
Yes, you do, you damn well do.	Okay
What does that do?	What do you mean, what's it do
What happened, pilgrim?	Just leave me alone
We can't leave without you!	It's okay, I am done for
I...	You want me to tell you it's your fault? It probably is. What are you going to do about it?  I thought it's not over till the jury comes in
Walter Livesy.	Think. I might just have to kill you Walter. How do you feel about that
Because I wanted to.	But why did you want to
Where in Mexico would you like--	I don't care, just get me there
Lucy is looking for you.	No, she's looking for you
What? Steve seemed to put up with Warren.	I don't want someone who'll put up with him. I want someone who will enjoy him, the way I do. Do you know what he told my friend Tucker? He said he would've popped the question a lot earlier if Warren wasn't in my life.  Well he is in my life and I'm goddamn lucky to have him. The hell with Steve
I can't say that.	Think about your father. Your sister
Oh, come on-I mean, I was still younger.	Hey, that was last year
Who?	Hector Cyr.  He's a rich kook mythology professor.  He's done some work with our museum.  He also treks the world to swim with crocodiles
Whatcha got?	Pair'a nines
Psych major?	English Lit
-- oh -- sweetheart...	-- you shouldn't do me like that..
Well, I guess it's safe to put on some lights now.	Not yet
The day after tomorrow?	Maybe we are and maybe we aren't
Because, you know, sir, he's got the I.Q. of a rabbit.	Yes, but he's got the faith of a child –– simple. Joseph, send for Clarence
Yes?	Well I got the papers on my official up-grading to AGS-19 two weeks before we left
Right.	I should say something in this about magic
Did the cleaning woman come?	Yeah -- she did a good job.  This glass looks brand-new
Say, Ned... ?	Yeah
Hi, Kerry.	I got your invitation yesterday. Thanks.  Any cute guys gonna be there
All in, boss!	Move it out
Radar, he's underwater.  But he's definitely coming.	Okay.  Lead him in.  Okay, everybody up on the trucks. We aim for the stomach or side... there's little chance the darts will pierce his hide.  <u>Everybody</u> <u>up</u> <u>on</u> <u>the</u> <u>trucks</u>
I don't think the producer has to do much, outside of maybe knowing a writer.	Hey, Chil? I think you're fulla shit
So you're still that little boy looking for shooting stars.	I am a man.  And now I've found the brightest star of all
I can't...	You have to! Quickly
Who are you?	We hung out last night, remember
I'm hip.	In fact, I'm gonna show you what I mean with a little demonstration. Big D, toss me that shotgun
Janet!  Oh!  Yes it's alright.  Janet. Everything's going to be alright.	I hope so my darling
But, I don't understand.	And, I'm asking you to trust me without understanding why
How did it happen?	Been meaning to talk to you about that
Don't you think you'll get a little bored living with a drunk?	That is what I want. Why don't you go and get your stuff
I'm not certain, my dear, but I believe your husband has somehow psychically diverted the route.	That bastard! I'll gladly dispose of him in the name of the order, Son of Malkovich
Oh... Can I help you?	Well, that depends. Do you have a bathroom
Well, wait now.  I still have to ask Darryl if I can go.	You mean you haven't asked him yet? For Christ sake, Thelma, is he your husband or your father?  It's just two days.  For God's sake, Thelma. Don't be a child.  Just tell him you're goin' with me, for cryin' out loud.  Tell him I'm havin' a nervous breakdown
"This is how you wanna spend the time, then go, go, go -- you're gonna be surprised at what a waste it is -- ""The most useless thing in the world is that which is behind me,"" Chapter Three --"	We talked earlier about your mother. And we talked about your father and his death. And I don't want to be challenging or defeatist here, but I have to ask and I would want to clarify something -- something that I understand -
I think you'll be able to remember it. I doubt you'll misquote me.	If I do, you can punish  me. Fly me to Bermuda and just lave me there for two weeks.  This is fantastic! I wish Clark were here
Why --	-- Because there'll be no remorse. Not in my world
You're out of touch. Cops blew him up.	Where
So was the radio private property. So was Manfredi and Johnson.	What about the radio
Oh, all the great writers -- Shakespeare, Charles Dickens, Moby Dick... those people. Each is bound in genuine premium leather with 22 carat gold accents. It's a magnificent set -- and only $33.50 per volume. Right away you get Great Expectations for just $6.99.	One hundred books
What are you talking about?	-- think what you have time to think, Lester
No.	A blank canvas!  I could paint your portrait, directly on you. Or maybe not.  So, you?  Husbands? Boyfriends?  Girlfriends?  Where do you live
He knows you shattered his violin.	I'm dying to hear of his reaction. The thrill of smashing something isn't in the smashing, but in the owner's reactions
I stand corrected.	Nonetheless, I would like to know, Mister Marion, how... how... how..
Yes.	Well, then I guess this is our first date... or our last. Until now, I wasn't sure it was either
Epps.	You just shoot at something
The first female President?	"Don't for a second think she didn't leak this story.  ""G.I. Jane"" gives DeHaven a symbol that taps into the biggest constituency of them all"
And what if you don't close.	I will close
No... I guess it's something about my work. I get so worked up over it, I don't know; I don't really have a lot of attention left over, so it would be a little unfair...	Yeah, the ladies do ask for attention. In my experience, they pretend to give it, but it's generally a smoke- screen for demanding it back – with interest. How about family, Bart? How're you fixed in that department
What do you mean?	You were hatching ideas, making plans, arriving at decisions, right
I'm offering a half a million dollars worth of white for two hundred thousand. How difficult can that be?	It's difficult because you're sellin' it to a particular group. Big shots. Fat cats. Guys who can use that kind of quantity. Guys who can afford two hundred thousand. Basically, guys I don't know. You don't know. And, more important, they don't know you. I did talk with one guy who could possibly help you
But what becomes of our souls?	Why do you fret about something that isn't there
Yeah, it's nice. And your friend TURK is totally great.	Yeah, he's aces.  Thanks, Turk
Why not?	I'm leaving in the morning
I have this ... feeling.  I'm not sure, really ...	That's just great.  Why doesn't everyone just take off
Well, I do Barbara Rush.	Pardon me
But Ed, we're not even married.  And you don't have a job.	But <u>you</u> do!  And anyway, I've got tons of new scripts.  And now that I have a track record, studios are bound to hire me
You shot her twice?	Uh-huh
&quot;Yo soy un hombre sincero...&quot; I am a sincere man, From the land of the palms...	What's that
Where did you get this cauliflower?	From your office, sir
Geneva just pulled the plug.	Kabula's out
Me too.	Well, I can't wait to meet Simone... what's her last name
But my mother says I mustn't accept gifts from strangers.	Stranger? Julia Farren a stranger. Why I've played every theatre from Boston to San Francisco. I've been to London and Paris. Those days — those beautiful, shilling, golden days
No teammates in football?  No comrades in Korea?	You must think the whole world is queer.  Well it's not.  War sure isn't
So am I. But where's my money?	Don't start again. If you win a bet, you can't keep winning it .
Selina ... more facets than Vicki, huh?  Funny, but sort of mysterious...	"""Affair"" ... yes, maybe ... if she .."
The Blacksmith's Code says I must...	Honour and protect all blacksmiths
We need to talk.	Okay.  Where to begin?  With your constant absenteeism?  With your unpresentable appearance?  You're up for review..
And I was standing over there rusting for the longest time.	Still, I wish I could remember.   But, I guess it doesn't matter anyway.  We know each other now, don't we
The man is a traitor!	How can you say that
Sure, right, they see Bigfoot driving around a black guy wearing shades and a lavender fucking bandanna, no, they won't think anything of it.	It's lilac, man, the color, and the style's made known by Deion and other defensive backs in the pros.  I could be one of them living out here with doctors of my race and basketball players.  Okay, here comes Mr. Ripley's house up on the left.  Yeah.  The brick wall.  There's his drive, right there
I don't follow your logic. What does his being nice to you have to do with him wanting Ordell's money?	He's setting me up to make a proposition
My third grade teacher at the convent shot better than that.	Yeah, but she had divine guidance
You must be rich.	It keeps ya busy
Think she might've run out on you?	Oh, no, sir. I've never had a woman do that. I'm sure she drowned
Alright, alright!  Sometimes I smuggle machinery for her.  Russian stuff.	And the payoff on the tables
Don't worry, Charles.  If God is still with her, she will be victorious.  We're not her judges... we're just spectators.  Let her go to Compiegne, as you let her go to Orleans, and let God decide her fate.	But... her army's so small now..
-- posed to mean?	You're here with me, you're already on the hook for one.  Buy one, you get the rest for the same price. You know that
You sure this goes somewhere?	Truman used it all the time
Not even when it meant something.  Is that One Night up in Flatbed?	Who else
There's only two hardware stores on the whole Island.  We'll check that out. What about the blood?	Not a drop.  Maybe the guy works for the Red Cross
Too busy playin' ball, huh?	Nah, I gave it up
Oh no, Mrs. Robinson. I think -- I think you're the most attractive of all my parents' friends. I just don't think we could possibly --	Are you afraid of me
I saw his Tamburlaine, you know. Wonderful.	Yes, I saw it
No, I meant lose his family.	Your family?  How can you ever lose your family
Go and insinuate yourself back into Sean's life.	I'd like a little more conviction.
This was not taken from a grave.	What does it matter? She'll live again. You'll make her
Maybe we should soap your hand or something.	They oughta put some kind of warning on these cans, like they do with cigarettes
The infamous Wayne charm. Does it ever shut off?	On occasion. Usually at night
So, it looks like you're getting pregnant-er these days.	Yeah. Um, I hooked up a whole private adoption thing. These married people in Saint Cloud are going to be the parents
What did I say?	That thing about I was the most, you know, beautiful person you had ever known.  What was that
Listen, you little worm.  I could beat your head to a pulp for you, just like I did last year, you got that?  You got that?	Got that
Doesn't what make me...?	All these innocent little creatures caged up like this
He was a nice horse.	Maybe there's another reason. Maybe you haven't friends enough. Could that be it, Georgina
She was so great, why'd you leave her?	Her parole officer strongly recommended it ..
Is there any way out of it?	Seems to be all around..
One bad car accident...	SAILOR!!
We're doomed.  Goodbye, Mistress Leia.  Goodbye, Captain ...	Not collapsing, honey.  It's closing!  This is no cave ..
You may not believe this Bud but I really do care for you. I think we could've made a good team...but that's how it goes...	Get the hell out
Hollywood.  The Alto Nido Apart- ments.	There's something wrong with your car, you said
It's called journalism, Fletch. It's called getting both sides of the story. Something you apparently don't know anything about.	It's also called getting me this close to being murdered
There's more people moving eastbound down Old Reservoir Road past the elementary school.	Any word on the location of the Strodes
I'm sorry - I didn't think	A person could get killed round here just for working lat
You want us to get ourselves killed?	From what I can see you're a pretty fair wheelman.  There's a hairpin coming up -- that's the place for it. The cops'll plow right into you
What are you doing here?	Otto called 
I love this hotel.  I stay here every time I visit my parents.	How come you don't stay with them
And I'm a huge fan of what you did to save that woman, Brian.	Uh, I think there's been a mistake. I didn't save that woman
He gave it to me.	I don't understand
No.	What do those ghosts want when they talk to you? Think real careful now, Cole..
Look, Reese, I didn't ask for this honor and I don't want it. Any of it.	"John gave me a message for you.  Made me memorize it. 'Sarah""...this is the message... 'Sarah, thank you.  For your courage through the dark years. I can't help you with what you must soon face, except to tell you that the future is not set... there is no such thing as Fate, but what we make for ourselves by our own will.  You must be stronger than you imagine you can be.  You must survive, or I will never exist.'  That's all"
... It's easy.  You go down.  You come up.  ... Right, Johana?	Congratulations, Enzo
I fought my way out of an embassy. I climbed down a fifty-foot wall -- I went out the window and I was doing it -- I just did it.  I knew how to do it.	People do amazing things when they're scared
From the guys who got the matches, of course.	Boy! It sure has been a wonderful day. And you - you are beautiful
So how are you doing, dad?	Great. I've just started a new company. Solid financing. It's good.  I love you Jacko, you know tha
Everybody needs money. Except guys like Twombley and that sonofabitch son-in-law of his. People like that.	Jack wouldn't kill for it. Besides, who would pay him
Thanks, Binky.  Can you see Bromdingna Island yet?	I don't think so
Hey.  At least it's not an editing machine.	No way.  I told her two, three years, maybe, for such an expens..
The moon is too round of face, methinks.	The sight of you makes flowers seem like dross.  All the heavenly angels must envy your grace
The Scotsman's daughters are at the Poltroon's house. A company of the 33rd will accompany you and Magua will show you the way.	By your leave, sir
Oh, baby, I can't believe you're back.	Home sweet home, huh? Actually, I was expecting something a little swankier. How much loot does old Stu rake in, anyway
Typically male point of view.	How do you figure
How do they know?	You told them, Hoffy
You know that no one likes a liar, right?	I said I'm not lying
What's his name?	Dr. William E. B. Dubois
It's a toss-up, I can tell you that.	What
Helen.	You can call me Simon.  You're very brave to do this...  You opened it
You're not venturing alone, surely.	I'm going to find out who killed my husband. Will you take these documents to Steed
Bowling used to be so pure, so...All- American. Breeze sings along with Caruso and pretends to conduct.	La da da dalala..
If one night I didn't come to the tent, what would you do?	I try not to expect you
Get out of here!	What are my orders, sir
I should go back.  Ricky Tan mentioned a boat in Hong Kong Harbor...	Lee, let me introduce you to the Carter Theory of Criminal Investigation: Follow the Rich White Man
There are some things I need to say to you.  You may not like hearing them, but I don't know if I'll ever get another chance --	You care for me.  And you're concerned.  And I have to start living my life again.  I hear it from Mrs. Watchit every day
No kidding.	What I like about Ian, he believes in a chain of command, but not a chain of respect, you understand what I'm saying
It stings a little.	A word of advice: Sometimes it's best to let those hard to reach chips go
What was that?	It's too tight
Is it! The best-funded research expedition to ever study the shark... around the world in 18 months.	Like those Cousteau specials on television? I think it's for the kids, but I love them
Not until Ben is back inside!	It's too late for him, and soon it'll be too late for all of us
I hit her.	You hit her? Oh, wait, wait a minute. Why'd you hit her
Yes!	You're clean
Nice to meet you, Fergus.	My pleasure, Jod
I'm really sorry but I just arrived; I'm on a pretty tight budget myself. I just can't afford it.	Just five dollars, please
I could use a little help. We have to return the van soon.	Ok ok...we're just gonna head inside here..
How'd you like a punch in the nose?	What! Who
"Just this one part, okay?  ""I have been an excellent third-baseman for as long as I or anyone else can remember, and I guarantee you will not get one past me"""	Jonah, I'm leaving -
He stopped by to see me at the shop before he came out here.	What did he want
And now...?	Now...I don’t..
I don't think so.  You need me alive.	Why?  So you can fuck my wife
I can't say I blame them. We're trapped in this ice and bedeviled by some sort of... creature.	Creature? A... human like creature
In the garage.	Ahh, that little Chevy was your mothers favorite car
Charlie, I thought I knew everything about you.	I wanted to apologize. I can't live without you
Assumed name... Houston.	Good
That's it. I'm gonna have to tell my little brother, I'm gonna die. I can't make him his lunches anymore.	Come on. Don't cry. We'll work it out
This is terrible.  Either there's a monster in my kitchen or I'm completely crazy.	If it's any comfort to you, I don't think you're crazy
Capitalistic methods...	They accumulate millions by taking loss after loss
I never notice the view after the first week.	I would.  Fancy waking up every morning with that in your lap.  Wonderful thing, money is.  Remember what Somerset Maugham said about it 
'Round town.	What's so hot 'round town
Classes?	Good
You know he's fucking us.	You and I are, probably for the first time ever, in total agreement.  He wouldn't just stop
Okay look, I know you're tired, I know you're thirsty, but give it one more shot, you've just got to do a little more.	Do too much, I'll die
That's alright. Just tear it apart.	Tear it apart
He's Canadian.	Why are people always so happy when they collide with someone from the same place?  What happened in Montreal when you passed a man in the street - did you invite him to live with you
Orders.	To kill me
He's working round the clock. But the data needs to be tested, analyzed before --	Same old Reed. All analysis, no action. Wasn't that the problem with you two
Don't kid me. I'm in no mood for it.	For once I'm dead on the level--  --crazy about you
Mr. Schmidt can't have the figures on the television buy until Monday.	No.  Uh, uh.  Tell him I asked for it Friday.  I want it Friday. Period
He's gonna kill you, man. Do you hear me, motherfucker? You. Dead. Get it?	I've been dodging bullets since I was fourteen. No one can kill me. I'm fucking blessed. I'm fucking Catholic
I asked her if you were happy to see us. I find it hard to tell with you.	Yes it's okay. Thank you for the food
She's always spying on me. She creeps into the room. She lives upstairs, yet she's always watching me — always!	Who is she
Really?	I need you, Swede, I can't do this without you
Cactus--shooting a man in the back is not very noble.	That is not a man, Captain God. That is Vomit accidentally born with two legs
Come on.	I can't take water, Kathryn
Captain Spock, if you do not hear from us within <u>one hour</u> your orders are to restore what power you can, take the Enterprise to the nearest Star Base and alert Starfleet command when you are out of jamming range.	Sir -- we won't leave you behind...
Gail. I hope this won't embarrass you in any way. I think Underhill's a yutz, you won't have any trouble with him.	Why did you do it
You have the pre-nup?	No. I have the ring. Was I supposed to have a pre-nup
You never told me you spoke my language, Dr. Jones.	I don't like to show off
It's what they said it is. An unfinished broadcast studio. You were right... I just drove to Seattle and back.	...Why
I'm sorry to hear that. What were they, psychos?	Did they look like psychos? They were fuckin' vampires. Psychos don't explode when sunlight hits 'em, I don't care how crazy they are
You look -- nice.	Thank you
Hm?	Is there a room key
I wasn't sure, Ken...	Alright then, what is it?  Bird rabies? That cheap seed you've been buying
This hyperdrive had better work.	I've never seen it fail
Your Eames table is incredible.  And the B&B.  I just put that in a client's home, actually, but in red.	You're an interior decorator, right
Yeah.	What can I do for you
Fine.	That hair will have to go
This one will just stun ya, but this one will put ya to sleep.	Whoa
I thought I was going faster.	You were supposed to be this colossus. You were this great, legendary thing. And yet he gains
And if she thinks me a liar?	Fie on what she thinks!  You mind her claws and teeth... Cast your spell, Oona
Would you mind taking a walk with me?	Absolutely
Wanna go to dinner?	Where
I'm sorry.	Eight years, though.  That's quite an accomplishment
I don't know what it is, but I won't use it.  Is she entertaining you?	I should say not
Near Natasha's? Or over by Boy's Club?	I think by Twenty-two
I'm gonna pull it out and I want you to pin it down, okay?	What is it
We're friends of Beckett's.	It's me, you dork
It must be one of these...	Look at the artistry of these carvings and the scrollwork
Really?	Yeah
Can you keep a secret?	Yes
The woman who left that message for you sounded very disturbed. I think she was crying...	Crying? Why was she crying
Fucking Arthur Digby Sellers wrote 156 episodes, Dude.	Uh-huh
You remember Mary Finelli?	What are you saying
Hullo lad. What a surprise, good to see you.	Keeping fit then
Hammer, you alright?	Everything's kosher. Watch him for me
The HIV virus can only be transmitted through the exchange of bodily fluids, namely blood and semen.	Right
-- Buddy, it's bigger than that, they want 'em all, Ivy, Beanie --	-- this isn't a swap meet Morrey, they're getting Sparazza and the west coast syndicate, giftwrapped, now if that's not good enough -
I assure you that won't be necessary. We were only trying to help...	The hell you were, buster. Your friend was messing up my tank and messing up my whales..
I'm sorry.	But I only had sex with Telly
I just wanted a little sip? Tell me, James, exactly what point was it that you turned into Serpent Boy?	Probably about the time you gave me the codeine pills last night
A very tired one.  I've been up all night - and I would .like to rest before the funeral.     Have your lawyer -	When is the funeral...?   I am coming to my mother's funeral!
What's your name?	Lisette
What about medical?	Of course, medical! _ 42
No.	You leave me no alternative
Sally?  I was beginning to think he wasn't gonna leave.	I'm in here
Maybe --	MAYBE WHAT -
I heard you, Dr. Yueh and Gurney coming down the hall.	Those sounds could be imitated
Of course, I'm your attorney, I'll give you all the time you need, at my normal rates: $45 an hour -- but you'll be wanting a cushion, so, why don't you just lay one of those $100 bills down there beside the radio, and fuck off?	How about a check
Yeah?	Oh yeah, sure. When I was a kid I had a crush on the prom queen. Darlene Louis. She had a big black mole in the center of her face that used to get me so excited. Darlene Louis. You know you look a little bit like her
I can't let you...	...go through with this? What are you going to do
I said I'd consider it. Nobody owns me. And the last thing was insane. I don't know what's wrong with him... No magazines.	Really
He gets off on it.	Sylvan can be talked into anything
You wanna release your air tanks?	Okay, good tip
So you took off your shirt?	To start a fire, goddammit!  What about him, huh? Maybe he offed the Sarge and changed shirts, brought an extra one in his pack. Y'ever think of that? Go ahead, cut him loose! First chance he gets, he'll waste the rest of us, that's how they work -
Are you for real?	Do you want to learn or not
Nothing's going to happen.	Uncle, the way I was told, if that police car didn't happen down that road, you would be dead right now. That guy Denny, had jumped bail in another state, he's dangerous... They'll be other Dennys, if you don't plan
But you can still see him.	Half.  Of him
We're sorry to disturb you, we'd like to ask you some --	Are you vice
You really are a gambler.	Give me some of the good stuff
Yeah.	Sixpence
Good afternoon!	What time is it?  Oh God! Do you always type your letters?  That should be two Ts
When?	Samuel is going to hire a new bodyguard. It may take a few days, but you're going back
The troops are certainly moving in here!	Didn't you have something to do with this?  I know you sent word to the Sixth Army Command
How do I look, mama?	Like a fag
They're not gone, they're here.	They're mine
Terrible thing. So will we get to meet this dark horse prom contender?	May<u>be</u>
How about, MR. E.	Mystery
Yeah, well... what I was gonna tell you --	-- Skip. Knowing what you do about me -
What are you doing?	No, no, no, what... You can once, you can live without it once. Come on
I'm telling you, baby, that's not mine.	One warranty card for Swedish-made penis enlarger pump, filled out by Austin Powers
I'm afraid I don't really understand that genre. maybe that's the prob-	Understand shit! I though you were gonna consult another writer on this
Make it ice cold.	Not in your condition.  Make it tepid, Gaston... tepid and tender. And lay out his gray suit.  Afterwards I'll drive you through the Bois. Slowly... in Waltz time
Is the program ready?	No, Brother Minister
Air leak. Died in her sleep.	You don't seem very cut up about it
Better times.	I was so... I been so... and then I saw you on TV, and I remembered, ya know... I always liked you..
...for Christmas...	NICK!!
What's C.R.S.?	Consumer Recreation Services.  It's their building.  They..
Who?	Ben Willis
MacReady...?	He's one of them
What happened, Joey...?	I can't talk now
Hey, you're the one who brought up safety. I'm perfectly willing to go in raw.	Would you please focus
"What do you mean, ""all of us?"""	You didn't think it was just going to be you and me?  A lot of people believed in Nix. They haven't forgotten his promise
Oh, Rocky -- you worked so hard.	It ain't so bad, 'cause I was a nothin' before -
No.	No more revolts
He always looks so pathetic whenever he does anything physical-	It seems to me that walking, for most people, is not very dangerous
Good morning, Rose. And how do you feel today?	Wonderful. Except I can touch the place back there with my tongue, I wouldn't even know I had that tooth pulled
Hey.	What's wrong with her -- 
What is it?	It's the rough-cut, the other side's new commercial
You know, Burke, I don't know which species is worse.  You don't see them screwing each other over for a fucking percentage.	Let's waste him.  No offense
And whatever you sensed out here....	... is my only hope of accomplishing what the Masters could not
What do you mean?	If things get wet, we're going to need someone who can handle that end
Bond, I’m a civilian. This is my place. Used to be the royal family’s, now it’s mine. I run my little business, I stay out of trouble...	Mafia warlords, Diplomats and spies, consortiums from every country in the world.  A nice little rat’s nest
You hope.	He'll show. I'd bet my paycheck on it
I don't know. She was lying on the bed, ready to do it, but I-- I don't, I was... I just didn't feel right about it.	You're telling me you had the chance to fuck her and you didn't. God are you a chump
The cops say it's a special kind of scale drug dealers use in selling marijuana.	So tell them the truth. What do you use it for
Where's the restroom?	What
Officer White.  How about Susan Lefferts?  You know her?	You know I do or you wouldn't be here.  How did you find me
The Praying Mantis school, in Bejing?	No.  Freddy Ching's, in Crenshaw
For Christ's sake, they're kids.	We're not animals, but don't force us to be.  Walk over
Pee...Per...Man.	Peeperman? WRONG? What color was it?!!
You know my dad takes eight red cold pills every day?  He and my mom have cocktail hour every night, from six to seven, set your clock, two bourbons --	Maybe we could show up and smoke a little rock with them to unwind -
That never stopped you before.	Well, we started talking, she wanted to know all about Hollywood, she seemed so interested..
Which is why I'm working <u>twenty</u> hours a day, checking every variable --	Every variable but <u>yourself</u>.  You don't eat, sleep.  You can't live in your head like -
You still have that watch Auggie gave you?	Tick-tock, tick-tock
Slow.	It's grandmother style
Almost complete withdrawal. She hasn't said a word for nearly two years.	God, that's terrible
I can't see 'em.	Just SHOOT
Hit me with your best shot.	I betrayed a man.  A good man.  An innocent man.  A thief
It all just happened so fast. We put that ad in the paper. I thought it would take months if, you know, ever and then -- boom -- Two weeks later, she's in our living room.	She answered our prayers
Only on expenses.	It's true. A newspaper is paying for all this. A newspaper..
Yeah, it's fun for them, but it's heaven for me.  Those goofy bastards are just about the best thing I have in this crazy old world.  Ooh, hey, I gotta run.	Look, uh, I was thinking maybe we should go have dinner sometime
What the hell's that -- ?	A little trick I picked up at the Car Thief Retirement Home ..
Flat, wraparound headlights?	Yeah
And he mailed it to Hardy--	--That's right, Sean. He mailed it to a professor at Cambridge who immediately recognized the brilliance in his work and brought Ramanujan to England
He's good. He's fine.	I'm askin' you, Frankie, to keep an eye on Nicky. Do it for me
Why, the Bill--the Bill--to make a National Boys' Camp...	One moment, Senator. Do I understand you're going to present a *Bill*
What? Oh, it's very impressive.	Gracious even in defeat. How vaguely disappointing. When all this could have been ours together
Wilfred.	...what have you <u>done</u> to me..
I rang the bell but I don't think it's working.	Yes it is -- I heard it this morning
Oh Christ!  Oh Christ!	It's him... it's him
It is?	Most people just want to make money or be famous or something. But you risk everything, just to help people
Let me see your cash book, will you?	Now
You said yourself my inventory was in good shape - all of my merchandise put away. To keep her here with nothing to do - I'd be standing in her way... and you need her, Max.	But what could she do
ALEXANDER??? PLEASE? You're my advisor, advise me!	... . Well  you have to figure out what it wants... What's its motivation
Yes indeed.	Look. I almost killed my -- I almost killed someone
Right.  I'll come in.	Okay. Wait here a second.  Do we really want to do this
You're quite the wordsmith, fiddle boy.  But nobody smooth-talks his way into my assignment.	If you're implying our little imbroglio has reached an impasse whose only resolution can be found in a more primitive fashion, then I for one am fully prepared to do so... al fresco
She wasn't really your girlfriend anyway.	Hey fuck you Damone. There's a lot of girls out there and you mess around with Stacy. What have you got to prove
Exactly that. We can put you inside someone else's body for fifteen minutes.	Oh, this is just the medical breakthrough I've been waiting for. Are their any side effects? Please say no! Please say no
Yes.	What does take care of him mean? Do you want me to give him food or some clothing
You really are a very beautiful girl.	Just a romantic, that's you
It's good you want to do something, George.	Thank you
Charlie Nicholas, David Niven, Malcolm McLaren, Elvis Presley. -	OK, OK, so what's the point you're trying to make
No.	James Dean, Humphrey Bogart..
Mr. Chang, if you don't mind, I think I'll go on being amazed - in moderation, of course.	Then everything is quite all right, isn't it
He insulted me first. He called me a moron.	Did you threaten this customer or use profanity in any way
Dream?!	And all dreams, no matter how appealing, must eventually end
Snap out of it, bomb.	In the beginning there was darkness, and the darkness was without form and void
Look at your watch. Look at it! At one-thirty your little girl is dead. Say it with me. At one-thirty my little girl is dead. Say it. Say it!	At one thirty my little girl is dead
A million things could have caused those problems.  Poor diet, bad genes, irresponsible lifestyle.  Our offer is final and more than fair.	Wait a minute -- I thought we were negotiating here
Right here. Bodega Bay.	Yes, but where
Please...	...to me
He owned the entire water supply for the city?	Yes
What?  Like amnesia?	Look, go ahead...put the radio on..
Well -- goodbye then --	Benjamin
You'll get it. But, Joe, I want you to do something for me. Let me take a look around inside. Make sure everybody's okay.	No. You just do shit for me right now
No!  No... What did you have in mind...?	A moment alone, please
I'm getting pneumonia. I have a fever. Feel my forehead...	What do you think is the most humiliating way to die
Well, how far didya get?	Fat mile'n a half. Hit this red light, highway patrol pulls up alongside
What?	With...with millions.  Millions of dollars
Oh, that was fun. Let's play something together.	But I don't play anything
I am just thinkin' -- now they mightn't like the idea down in Washington.	Why not! There's a bill up in Congress to give us a uniform law of bankruptcy. Daniel Webster is fighting for it right now-
How much wine have you had?	-- She's a figment of my own imagination.  I, Viktor Taransky, have perpetrated the greatest hoax, the greatest sleight-of-hand, sleight-of-mouth, sleight-of- sleight in entertainment history! And still no one appreciates me, recognizes what I've done -- even you
Well, we got $40, and we wanna buy...	All right!  Quiet!  For $40 I could give you..
Butch! I'd put my arm in fire for you -- up to here!  Now, you can't double-cross me!... She does? All right -- put her on. I'll talk to her... Hello! Oh, hello, Madam... Now listen, you ten-cent glamour girl, you can't keep Butch away from his duty... What's that? You say that again and I'll come over there and knock your eye out! Hello?  I'll kill 'em! I'll kill both of 'em!  Duffy!  Mousing around with some big blonde Annie on my time! That's co-operation!  Duffy!!	Shut up, will you?  You sure? Nobody
Hello, Rachel.	I'm so sorry... I was sorry to hear
What was that?	An accident.  No one was hurt
You have to stop being so self- critical Frida.	I looked like an Italian man
Still, I do miss her. I only wish she could have lived to see all this.	I can feel your pain
Mr. Treves, tell me... tell me truly. Is it alright, did I make any mistakes that you can see?	No, John, not one that I can see
...and the tape will be running.	Actually, I've come with good news; the Corleone family has done you a favor
My name is pronounced Fron kon steen.	Oh!  I thought it was Dr. Frankenstein
Right.  Yes.  Of course.	It's very bad this.  Terrible sad. Such a young man
What are you doing here?	There were some noises.  I didn't want to disturb you
This operation is in two phases. Recon and rescue.  You are phase one.  Your two-man team will probe the site, confirm the presence of American POWs, if any, make photographic and tactical observations, then proceed to the extraction point without engaging the enemy.	We don't try to pull out any of our guys if we find them
Is that your sense of humor or are you tryin' to say somethin'?	Now, what would I be trying to say
I'm gonna marry Mr. Bixler.	You can't marry a teacher, it's against the law
Congress cuts, military bleeds.  But Pentagon's a big place.  Let's narrow the sights.	The Navy?  They've made it clear they don't want to pull missiles out of subs to make room for women's heads.  What's it gonna cost to make a fleet of Trident's co-ed
Another thing that baffles me, Doctor - what was his connection with the deceased? Major financial dealings, obviously - but our firm has no record of any such transactions.	Hmmm. You say he showed you his garden
I can't.  If I had a minute to think, maybe, but I know you're wrong.	Am I
Somebody paying you to do this?	She just practically asked you for a date.  What the hell is wrong?
John, how's your wife this morning?	Much better this morning, thank you
Aw, I conned a Senator from Florida on a stocks deal.  A real lop-ear. He thought he was gonna take over General Electric.  Some Chantoozie woke him up, though, and he put the feds on me.	You mean you blew it
They all consider me just as one of the boys.	Right
You bet.	Holly and April, thanks for helping
Of all the people who have been born... and have died... while the trees went on living.	Their true name is Sequoia Sempervirens: always green, ever- living
Oh, God, what did you do?	Nothing.  I didn't kill him
Of course not. I'm Robin Hood. I take from the rich, and give to the needy...	You mean the poor -
Let me tell him.  Let him decide.	You're not gonna see him again
Of what?  What were you so afraid of?	You're going to think I'm crazy or something
Yeah.	Ain't you got no mama and daddy to tend to it
You had breakfast yet, Margie?	Oh, yah. Norm made some eggs
Couple days.	So you're holding my calls
She <u>realizes</u> -- it was not the fire which <u>hurt</u> him...that the <u>true</u> hurt was her. Was her...	...yes
I'm just happy that George has found someone he cares for.	Yes.  Of course.  But, I'm talking about that ring.  It's something else.  Let me tell you
We might have to take that chance. Cause I feel pretty strongly about this.	Is that Buckethead
Front.	Am I in trouble
Come with me.	No, no, see, that's not what I'm saying. I could go to New York if I wanted to, but what's the point? So I can learn how to order a cappuccino? So I can get mugged by some crackhead? So I can see, see homeless people up close and personal
I suppose so, but - I'm not afraid of the story.  You can't tell me that the voters of this state -	I'm not interested in the voters of this state right now.  I am interested in - well, Junior, for one thing
Oh, Jesus.	I hope you wasn't pettin' him none, was you
Tell me who you are.	Frank
Dead, huh?	So it would seem
Roger, enough with the fucking donuts! What did I tell you. Stop bothering Mickey, and get behind your nagra.	Fine. Roger, what the hell are you doing? You're bothering the serial killer
Why would Sidney want to be with Steve? She has her own bubble-butt boyfriend Billy.	Maybe she's a slut just like her mom
This is a mammal, not a fish.	Jesus, don't quibble with me.  I want to know if a Great White Shark did this
Damn it, Ben --	I'm not staying at this party so we can go home with someone else's wife. That's not why we're here, right? We're simply being neighbors here, and I think we should do just that -
Are you going to preach now?  Are we going to have a sermon?	I'm just explaining what you mean! You can't be an idealist all your life!  Nobody thanks you for sticking your neck out
What about the people who are coming to the meeting tonight? Have they all arrived?	I talked to most of them this morning... They were all very curious about the meeting
That's the one. Cathy Brenner.	They seemed sure it was either Alice or Lois
You forget, I dislike YOU at least as much as him.	He shut down your paper!  You're stuck writing articles about swap meets and raffles and PTA brunches
What did the thermometer say?	The thermometer's broken
We'll talk more about this. I'll see you later.	One question. If I'm not myself now, just who do you think I am
All right then, I'll see y'all later. Karl you done a good day's work. They right about you. Scooter, he's gonna knock you out of a job if you're not careful. I'll see you tomorrow.	Wait up, I'll leave with you and lock up
Yeah.  Nobody saw <u>anything</u>?	No.  U.S. Wildlife is on their way
Your clothing reeks of it.	"You know, Amy, I've been sitting around in bars and everywhere following this guy... I mean, is this what I get first thing?  Before you even ""hello,"" you accuse me... "
You guess? My parole was broke two hundred miles back when we burnt Portagee County.	What'll it be like in California, Sailor, do you think? I hear it don't rain much there
What is it??	Something with the power, I don't know!
I certainly sympathize with your problem, Treves... Why don't you try the British Home, or the Royal Hospital for perhaps they would have a place for him.	Yes sir, I'll look into that.  Would you like to meet him sir
I'm not allowed to see you anymore.	Really?    Me too
Hello, Bob, it's me.	Hello
That goddam diamond stud earring that cost me a fucking fortune.	Are you getting Mom something for her birthday
Harry Tasker.  One zero zero two four.	Albert Gibson.  Three four nine nine one
Who's chest?	Jason's. It came out of his chest... a hand with long blades on the fingers..
I'm trying to think. When did you start looking so terrible? You look awful.	I can tell you the year, the day, the night, the minute
I guess that cinches it, eh, Mr. Charles?  He killed them both - Julia Wolf and Nunheim.	Fifty will still get you a hundred
Oh, see?  This is great.  Ten o'clock.	Great, bye
Was there any reason for you to believe she had discarded a weapon?	Uh, yeah, because the bitch shot him
God.	Remember that day
What about it?	Didn't you say that they're going to develop this revolutionary new thing..
Are you--scared?	I'm gonna tell you something here, and I hope it doesn't undermine my position as an authority figure. I'm a little afraid of heights
You've reached a new low with this one.  I can't believe you're crazy enough to use the room at the Marquis.	"Why not?  You think I can afford a suite like that on my salary? Is Jean-Claude done yet?						"
Because maybe if we know each other's names, things wouldn't get like this, My name's Jeff.	Okay. Nazeer, okay
Throw 'em in the bathroom, will you? How good are the warrants?	Sixty days.  Here.  Don't mention it
Guess they -- went to the fair after all.	Guess so ..
Destiny took us apart, but I knew it would bring us back together.	Aha. Poet or philosopher
I told everyone seven-fifteen. Didn't I? Seven-fifteen.	She'll get here
How far?	I don't know -- few hours, I guess
Jesus.  Well, I do too, sometimes...	No you don't
Would you settle for a PG-13 relationship?	What's that
You're very good at this aren't you?	I think you're supposed to answer that question
Me, me, me!	The answer is George Jefferson
Blue, then.	Blue is cold
I want that money right now, or I'll hand you over to the police.	Go ahead
You have his address?	Pretty sure I do.  Yeah, here we go -
Charlie Chaplin.	Hey
They do something to me.  It's hard to think straight.	I think they help
Help!	Now, why that bitch gotta bring that shit this way? I hope she didn't see me
WHAT A JOKE...	WHAT A JOKE..
We took a nip of whiskey.	To keep out the cold
Well, for a start, you've got to get cleaned up.	Why
I think I have no money.	It's okay.  Forget it
Then why do you call it Harlin's?	'Cause Harlin used to own it
What? What? What? What? What?	... honest. At least you're honest with me
Took no chances, did he?  And when you got there, he pushed her off the tower, was that it? But you were the one who screamed. Why did you scream?	I wanted to stop it, I ran up to stop it -
Well, you know I don't have the priority to do that, sir. It says here not to contact Com-Sec- Int. Who's your commanding officer ?	Right now -- I am
Right now -- I am.	Well who the hell verifies that 
But nowhere near three million dollars worth.  I would say maybe twenty thousand.	There was more than that
In great pain?	Not necessarily
Why wouldn't I?	We thought you was all broken up about Toothpick Charlie
I... I don't think I'm going to make it Sir...	No, don't talk like that, son. We're going to get you fixed up
You been spying on me in the supermarket, Nessa?	Have women found you attractive
You needn't worry Miss Cartwright. I've been at this a very long time.	"He called you ""MacLeod"""
Mrs. Lampert, I really hadn't planned on spending the entire night here.	Can I at least keep the onion soup
People say Anastasia was the only member of the Royal Family to escape alive.  That makes her an orphan too	What happened to your parents
And we're just talking about three- dimensional creatures.  What if it's five or six or seven-dimensional?  So dimensional that we couldn't even see it to kill it.	Good point.  I don't know what you're talking about, but good point
Of course, where you been kid?	You look great!  The uniform and everything
'Bye.	'Bye
He might have hurt somebody.	But he didn't.  We've got him where we want him
Some cash. Jewelry. The other stuff I can replace, but there's a cardboard box... photos of my mother. They're the only ones I have of her.	We're doing everything we can to find these people. Right Tony
Very impressive.	We have tapes in here that go back six months. Let me show you something
Yes.	Anything
And what has that to do with it?	I wasn't. I wasn't. She was the pretty one. She died, why not me?  I never said my morning prayers. And I was ugly, I was scrawny, I had buck teeth and freckles all over my face, do you know what the nun called me, Sister Mary Clitus, called me Polkadot Livingston
Todd, there's a picture of Whitman over the door.  What does he remind you Of? Quickly, Anderson, don't think about it.	A madman
Betty! Boy, am I glad to see you!	Roy! What are you doing here
A girl needs a little romancing before she -	Next time I'll call in a guy to paint silver stars on the ceiling
A week ago, I bought a rifle.	No
It's going.  It's going.	And how's the diva doing
Now you hear obscene chewing. You're losing it, Laurie.	I've already lost it
Last time, I was here a grand total of three days.  Last time, the rumrunners who used this island as a cache came by, and I bartered passage off.  But from the looks of this, they've been out of business, and so that won't be happening again.  We probably have your friend Norrington to thank for that.	So that's it?  That's the secret grand adventure of the infamous Jack Sparrow?  You spent three days on the beach drinking rum
He owned the water department?	Yes
...Thanks.	Mr. Balboa -
Huh?	Four kids, three different guys
Well, that's the signature -- and above, it says 'Dear Rufus -- you belong in jail.'	Nice one.  Would you like my phone number
You ain't going down there.  Not alone. I'll go.	Fine.  But I'm bringing a couple of friends
"What's it like?  Imagine you're being accosted by a swarm of beggars in the heart of Calcutta, except the beggars are wearing $1500 suits and they don't say ""please"" or ""thank you."""	What about legalizing everything? Has anybody talked about that
"Ooh, here's an easy one:  ""Attractive SWF, fun loving and a youthful mind seeks outgoing companion."" Okay...""Attractive""...ugly."	"""Fun loving"" -- insane"
Living proof.	I thought you never sold cigarettes to kids
Charlie?	NVA regulars. They're coming again tonight. Tet -- their big -- assault
Leave to carry on, sir, please?	Carry on, Chief
What's that?	It's just my heart
What?	"Oh, a new riot control grenade...  ""...the successful combination of concussive, 3000 foot-candle flash- blasts and simultaneous high-velocity disbursement of...blah, blah, blah..."
I wouldn't be depressed about it, Bern.  A guy don't have to be heroic to be a human being.	The thing is, Chick.  I'm goin' down
Breaker. Breaker.	Go breaker
He's gonna be okay. Could do a bit.	What happened to Sway
Tonight!  Right now!  We steal a man from a royal prison, we hide in a country chateau among an assortment of saints and sluts such as only you could provide, and still you wish to tell me nothing?!	You seek facts, when it would be better to seek truth
Surprise, Luther.	Whaddya want?  I thought you were locked up
But we can still do it, honey.	I ought to done it then--an' not come on any trip like this
Finally, we can bargain.	I'm sure we can strike some sort of arrangement. Land the plane and we'll trade you hostages for fuel
Here's his line.  We can haul him out of there if we have to.	It'll yank him right off his feet if he's not expecting it.  The line could get tangled in something
This is New York. No one notices anyone. Not even when someone disappears. At first it was the guy who was caught trying to steal McCay's Jag. Then it was dirty accountants that tried to walk away with millions. The Old Man got such a rush from it, I thought that he would start trying to send me people who used the copier after hours.	How can you just take a life ? I mean it's a life, life is so precious.  How does it feel 
With me, where he's been after work, three, sometimes four nights a week for the last two months... We have what you might call an intimate relationship.	How do I know you're telling the truth
I read your book.	Really
But suppose I got to go - like for a drink of water?	Fight it
My God!	I'm so glad you're safe. You look really wonderful
Ro - you can't really believe that. Nobody can murder someone with their feelings.  I mean --- that's CRAZY.	Is it more or less crazy than dying and coming back to life with hands that can see...?  God, Michael --- what am I...
... Sandy?.	Go ahead
Is he a winner?	Well, he owns things
We do the show live in front of an audience.	Great, but nobody laughs at it 'cause your jokes aren't funny
What does it say?	John N. Mitchell, while serving as US Attorney General, personally controlled a secret cash fund that-
Are you okay? You looked like you were somewhere else for a second there.	Look, Jason, I need some fast answers if I'm ever gonna fix what I've done
What'd it say?	Basically broke down how I'm gonna make mad loot in the NBA, me being such a limited commodity and all
I didn't think I was being defensive. I was just...	He should have been in restraints.  It was bad judgment on your part, plain and simple.  why not just cop to it
Edie, I do what I can. I'm in the church when you need me.	"""In the church when you need me."" Was there ever a saint who hid in the Church"
Where?	Istanbul
Give him a minute, Clair.	Hey.  Thanks, buddy
Nope. No complaints.	I'd have gotten you some cream but it meant buying a whole pint
Whatever it is, it's coming from down there.  I'm going down to see.	Let me come with you, Doctor, please!  I don't want to stay up here alone
You saved my life, Archie. Running me out of Harlem. When I think how close we came to gunning each other down, I have to thank Allah.	I wasn't gonna shoot you, baby. It was just my rep, that's all. And don't shit me now, but did you have that number? Tell me
SID —— NO!!!	What do you expect me to do, thank him
Good morning.	You didn't have to..
She asked for it.	I told Halloran we didn't do vocals, but he said
What's in the case?	Eight hundred thousand dollars in cash
I don't get it! He's the best candidate in our class! Ask anyone! The best student! The best leader! The best friend to everybody! Couldn't you bend your goddamn standards just a little?	Zack, it wasn't him! He didn't ask me to D.O.R. I came to him on my own.  I'm glad it's over, Zack. I really mean that. He was right. I wasn't doing this for me
Well, Sire, I made some inquiries in a routine way. I was curious to know why he had so few pupils. It is rather alarming.	Oh
What the hell are they going to do with a hundred million dollars in funny money?	The real question is, where are the plates?  If we can find the plates, we can stop the whole operation
Your phone's ringing, Dude.	Thank you, Donny
I know--but you--you're going to help.	If I were *triplets*, I couldn't--. Look, Senator--let me give you a rough idea. A member has a Bill in mind--like you--a camp. Right
It was a combination of all three.	And what in heaven's name brought you to Casablanca
I think so.	You don't think it's tilted a little too much -
If you have hard evidence about a child trafficker, we want it, Mr Lombard. And we want it before you get yourself killed...	Most of our information comes out of the mouths of babes, Mr Lombard - confused and frightened victims. It’s all too easily discredited, you understand. Now, you might be just what we’ve been waiting for. Your information could be enough to make ‘em sit up and listen
Yes.	How is that possible? I mean, you try to ask him a question and suddenly it's another one of his stories.  You can't honestly say you know him
Catch it later, Pham.  Gotta get over to Nestor's.	Right.  We plan ahead.  That way we don't do anything right now.  Earl explained it to me
I'm the one you want!  Penguin, please!  Ask yourself:  Isn't it Max Shreck who manipulated and betrayed you?  Isn't it Max, not Chip, whom you want to see immersed up to his eyeballs in raw sewage?	Okay, you have a point.  Plus, the hysterics are getting on my nerves
Does that paper say we've been indicted?  Does it say Exley's a hero for squealing me and Stensland off?	He made his play amd he got what he wanted.  They're making him a detective
Ted...	Yes
I hope I helped you out.	You did
You used me, daddy!	What the hell you doing going to school today, anyway -- your mother told me you didn't even sleep last night
You should come and have lunch with us, before you go -- Dickie?	Sure. Any time
How do we do it?	First we take off our clothes, then you get on top of me or I get on top of you..
"Oh, ""Dr. Acula.""  I get it.  I don't like it."	But Bela Lugosi's in it
What are they doing, Doll?	He kissed her
Anglo husbands can also be backward.	Can be what
Peter, I'm really sorry to put you through this. I just couldn't face going to the police by myself when my Italian's so rotten.	Don't be daft. It's fine. I'm delighted you finally made it to Venice. I'm delighted, contrary to rumour, you're still in one piece
--now c'mon!	Get your goddamn-
No, he ain't familiar. He ain't one of Cabot's soldiers either. He's gotta be from outta town. But Joe knows him real well.	How can you tell
He's not here!  Tyler's not here anymore!  He's gone away!	You can see me and hear me, but no one else can..
I can make you rich.	And I expect you to.  Let's talk like two medical me
I'm nothing then.	Anything <u>but</u>, my friend
Don't calm down.	You're being terribly tolerant, aren't you
...It's a tenement building. On the Lower East Side...	Great! He's poor, this wrestler! He's had to struggle
Prosit.	Prosit
Well...	I'm twenty-eigh
What if you're wrong? You just said she's the only girl you ever loved, what have you got to lose by calling her?	I did try calling her.  A few years ago. She wasn't listed
<u>Shifty</u>.  Who knows anything <u>about</u> em...	Hold on, hold on, hold on
Remove her gag!	Excellent
I want him to think that.	But I want to know what you think
Hishradyo.	Max - where
Thank you.	If we decided on making him a New York type, could you do that
I don't know what you're looking for, mister, but so we're clear from the start, I'm straight.	Good for you
There's another choice.	What
And you stand aside while we drive it in, then shut the hatch, launch the boat, and --	Kablooey
I don't want to fight, George.	I don't want to fight either. Look... uh -- I love you
Yeah. I bet he would.	Old Sam stood for somethin', you know? The day that man died they broke the goddamn mold
Why does it matter whether you're fat or not...	Because..
... Please help us, Jim... won't let them have... without proper... repeat... on whose authority...	Carol
So?	They're touching
Tomorrow collect from Del Rio -- He's late three weeks. How'd you do last night?	...Fine
I'm not insulted.	You realize what is at stake
They do have motives.  Why did you want to see me?  Your message said it was urgent.	You were right -- and I was wrong. There!  Did you ever think you'd hear me say that?  Spectacularly wrong. Instead of observing those animals, I tried to control them.  I squandered an opportunity and we still know next to nothing about their lives.  Not their lives as man would have them, behind electric fences, but in the wild.  Behavior in their natural habitat, the impossible dream of any paleontologist.  I could have had it, but I let it slip away.  Thank God for Site B
Why are you here? Why didn't you die?	Because...  I was already dead
Dunbar was running out the door? Ohhhhhh... See that's where I was confused, because I thought you said Nunez was running out the door.	No. I said Dunbar
You have to cheer up, George, you aren't out yet.	I'm not
The new Beaujolais' come out in France next week. You like wine?	I'm more of a whiskey drinker myself
I can't grow a moustache. It never comes in evenly.	Me neither. But I'm going to stop wearing underpants in order to raise my sperm count. See you
What facts are those?	I understand how it could happen.  I know why any guy would love her.  And I can't blame you that it happened.  You thought I was dead, she was grieving, you were trying to help her
How about it, Ma?	I'm ready
Big enough radio, I don't see why not.	Could we hear God
"It's a lot more fun than fighting violence with pamphlets. That voicebox of yours is a hoot. Say ""I'm wearing no underwear""--it'll be funny..  You do know you're evil, don't you?"	A superhero's job is to protect society.  Don't blame me if society is a horrible, corrupt joke
I guess I always thought the worst thing that could happen would be to end up old and alone in some crummy apartment with one of those little dogs.	What little dogs
What... what do you mean?	It's out of your hands
You're not Death.  You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants.	The jacket and the pair of pants came with the body I took.  Let me ask your opinion.  Do I blend in
Just serve.	In the same fashion as chess
Excuse me, fella.	...did they..
Yeah.	I'm Kenny's Aunt Lisa
Can I go now?	You must be joking,  Keep him away from the telephone. I'm going out for a bit
I'm not much of a critic.	Well, I just thought--oh, look at me. You'd think I'd never had a house guest before. Would you like something to drink
Mom expects great things from you ...	Harold ... can I get you anything
Gale, I know this is a bad time and all but what if we try it out again. The whole relationship thing.	Sure, why not. You did Save my life,Mr. Rielly
Yeah.	I think you're lying
Get going, Rick... you're late enough as it is.	Right... Think it over
I trust him.	Oh, you trust him, eh? Well, that's fine. I suppose he trusts you, too
Why's it gotta be Tommy!	Masseria won't have any choice but to trust you. And as long as we keep the Boss alive, Maranzano can't win without you
Isn't this Jack Groppi's place?	Yeah.  But he ain't here now
Do you like that?	Yes
I think by Twenty-two.	For real
Gordon Liddy, you mean?	It was all so crazy--the day after the break-in he gave us a speech, bouncing up and down on his heels in that loony way of his--Gordon told us not to let Jim McCord ruin everything--don't let one bad apple spoil the barrel, he said. You just know that when Gordon Liddy's calling someone a bad apple, something's wrong somewhere.  ...It's all so rotten... and getting worse... and all I care about is Hugh Sloan. His wife was going to leave him if he didn't stand up and do what was right. And he quit. He quit because he saw it and didn't want any part of it
He's a little farther gone every time.	Stay, Adrian.  I just -- every once in a while, I need to talk to someone human.  He doesn't think like we do.  He doesn't even feel what we feel.  I mean -- he even scares the research teams
Yup. That's me.	You like it
I am telling the truth.	We all know what happened.  In a fit of jealous rage you killed Simone and dumped her body off a boat she bought for you
Isn't there something you...	That's not the question.  It's over.  Do you think that it's my fault?  If I'd...if I'd...I never should have taken it.  There was no way that I was going to win
Things a man isn't supposed to know.	You don't mind, really, do you, Roy? It's been such a wonderful evening, I guess I just wore myself out
Ya fuckin' coon, you're not on the ward now!	Take you han's offa me
Who?	C.R.S.  Who do you think?  Jesus H., thank your lucky charms.  To think what I almost got you into
Did you see that sonofabitch in the BMW? He could've killed somebody.	Did you get his number
Charlie, I'm from the old country, and these American ways get me sometimes confused. You tellin' us you refuse the title of Boss of All the Bosses?	"I don't care what anybody calls me, Joe. Long as it ain't to dirty. And if you fellas get together every year and say, ""Charlie, we still want you to run things for us"", I ain't gonna insult ya by sayin' no"
But the Emperor of China had 1000 of them! How can that be?	In the West, it's one wife for one husband, but different cultures have different rules
Sure.	Take my number.  When you see me -- call me and I'll walk you through the exchange.  It's 308-9962 -- Repeat it back
Don't worry. He's out of town.	How far out of town
She was supposed to be watching the sensor for me.	Her suit's gone
Yeah.	I'll be right back
Fine. Nowt wrong with them.	How'd it happen, then
Are you trying to panic the women?	That's how it is.  You see her approaching you toss out installment one
Fried Air Tram in the process. Not to mention half my gear.	What about McCoy
No!	You want to throw it all away, is that it? You had everything, little sister. Beauty... a brilliant career... a wonderful husband. You were a movie star
Do a little freebasemaybe, from time to time?	Or maybe just phone out for a pizza
How wonderful!	That's Patrizia's way of letting us know she's with us
Watched her come out of the apartment, someone I didn't know... walking in a different way... holding her head in a way I didn't know; and get into her car, and drive out to...  Golden Gate Park. Five miles. She sat on a bench at the edge of the lake and stared across the water to the old pillars that stand an the far shore, the Portals of the Past. Sat there a long time, not moving... and I had to leave, to got to the office. That evening, when I came home, I asked what she'd done all day. She said she'd driven to Golden Gate Park and sat by the lake. That's all.	Well
Mary --	Hello, Jabez --  Here's your son
My vocal cords are fine, but Fred's ain't. He's been barking, eating the seats and driving me crackers.  Hear that? Where's his chow?	On its way. Give me a coupla minutes, okay
You got time on your side.  Pretty soon they'll be missed and we'll have the law up our ass.	They saw you kill the driver
Where do they take them?!	We don't know
Is it true you're impervious to pain?	Yes. Although I can get a headache just like anyone
What a bunch of losers.  Mindless zombies capitulating to an oppressive system --	Wanna dance
Ah... restaurant supplies. I didn't get your name.	You must travel a lot, huh
Come on, let's go.	Where
Fifteen seconds to Cloud Boundary.	Viewer, standard ahead
No no. I knew.	Nnnnn.  I just killed the surprise
I love that belt.  What are you, about a fifty Big and Tall?	I always go a size smaller.  Makes me look slimmer
What?	Will you be getting back together? When you quit Hollywood, I mean
It's for wheat. We've always grown maize in the strip above the vegetables.	And in the vegetable plot
.	
You want me to try?	You're a 53 year old shrink, what are you gonna do
No idea at all?	Okay. Some idea
C'mon, Tom, pick up a job.	You want some bum in the bus terminal? We'll wait for a real call
No headaches?	No, it's been a good day - better than yours, from what I've been told
Pretty morning.	It's always beautiful at this time. Peaceful..
Thanks.	Sure. No problem
Nope.	She likes you, man. Stephanie'll tell you
Carl never lied.	Of course not.  But it was emotional.  A friend's plea set against his mother's attitude
For God's sake, Ohashi, I need your help.  Let me out of here!	You had my help, detective
"To set yourself a puzzle you won't ever solve. You know how many towns, how many		    * guys called James G? Or John G? Shit, Leonard, I'm a John G."	Your name's Teddy
I didn't do that Frank. I took particular care not to freeze them.	I guess you don't know your own strength, old boy
Were you working for him last night?	Last night
Listen, I've gotta run.  I just thought I'd stop by and see if you want to take the boat out, say Thursday morning?	You got it
Oh, I'll call you up some time. And if your social duties permit - why -	Cut that out. Just because I'm married - there's no reason for that
Your place?	I'm at Nirdlinger's. Let yourself in
No, no!  Turn 'em around, turn 'em around!	Eh, he's puttin' 'em in backwards
Aahhh...  So what color is it?	What
Get your story straight.  This idiot's been trying to kill me since I went to Rekall.  --You don't kill somebody you're trying to plant.	He wasn't in on it.  You set him off by going to Rekall
Well, my idea of stupid is very different from yours.  So here's how this is gonna work. Would you take your socks off, please?	My socks
Cause I don't want to walk around with my head all nappy, looking like --	Like what? Looking like me? Like a nigger?! Why don't you want to look like what you are? What makes you ashamed of being black
I used to be a lifeguard...I'd hate to have to blow my whistle.	I'd hate for you to have to blow...your whistle
No I don't.	In the world
It's a miracle!!!	What is
You getting scared because some people don't like what you are doing?	Yo, DeLa, they tried to lynch my black ass up in dat piece
Sam is Sam. He's taking up fly fishing. He's in a yert in Montana.	A yert.  Ruth is a living legend, Rex. At a time when most women are in Boca, having early bird specials -- she's working so her husband can be in Montana. In a yert
Eh, fine.	I'll heat some up. My, it's nice to see you again, Harold. How's your hearse
Yeah, I swiped it from Ms. Rancick.	Cool
D'Artagnan watches everything.  We have to be lucky.	We will make our own luck tonight... if Phillippe holds up
How?	For instance... me and my friend Bucky are buying out my boss. His equipment, trucks, client list, the whole shmear
No, no.	Why you poor thing - you're trembling all over
We're finished.	What about me
Beth and Harry?	They're in the sub, sir.  Waiting
Like a club. Work less, make more.	Thank you, no
Oh, the whole family loved him. Of course, they loved the last guy I went out with, and he strung me along for three years and dumped me.	Really? You see, to me, you shouldn't have any trouble with men. There should be, like, a line behind you
Please -- not now.	Why didn't you come to me
Yes, I wanted to get here before the others.... I want to talk to you alone.	Some other time, Stevens
Now you got me! It's a wonder I wasn't punchy by the time I was twelve. The rulers those Sisters used to whack me with!  They thought they could beat an education into me—I foxed 'em.	Maybe they just didn't know how to handle you
Well, we'll stay in touch... you know.	I'm sure we will
That's it.	Then I guess we're set
Just tell me if anything weird happens.	Weirder than this
I'll take it.	No -- that's for me to do
Why? You wanna ask me out?	Maybe. Do you have a boyfriend
But we...	Look, look there's someone else..
How did she know about him?	She'd seen him too
I wouldn't have come if I had known that you were here. Believe me, Rick, it's true. I didn't know.	"It's funny about your voice, how it hasn't changed. I can still hear it. ""Richard dear, I'll go with you any place. We'll get on a train together and never stop."
Do you want some help? I can call upstairs.	No, don't. But thanks
Well, a little.	Reading dirty comic bocks.  And you admitted it
Where is he now?	Wherever he wanted to be
Alright. You know who I think really did it?	Who
I want a helicopter to get outa here!  And a jet to take us to...  ... wherever we want to go.  Outa the country, so no little jets.  A big one with a bar and a piano lounge.	I don't know, Sonny.  I don't know if the helicopters can land in here. I'll have to check it out.  I got superiors, unnerstan?  They don't always see eye to eye with me. I'll do what I can
Yeah.	Well, those guys share everything, right
Whatever happened to Norman Rockwell?	Who
How was I leading you on?	All that marvelous rejection -- you knew I couldn't resist it. Now it turns out you were only interested in the money
So what are you saying?	I'm saying now you do know.  So it's time for you to fuck off
What?  You gonna tell me you're lost?	Yes
But maybe it's not what you think.	But maybe it is -
Let up on the brake!	What
But those are our dreams, son. We have to make them come true.	Consider me your fairy godfather, except without the fairy part. No more mealy apples and bruised bananas, ever, for the rest of your lives
I'll meet you at the bar in ten minutes. They don't like tourists in here, so try to blend in.	Blend in?  I'm two feet taller than everyone here.  Where you going
Oh yes, I remember you.	Destiny took us apart, but I knew it would bring us back together
I'm running out of answers. A patient sleepwalks out of a security ward up to a tower with no access.  A girl, alone in a room, dies by jumping six feet straight up into a television set. Nothing makes sense anymore.	Then maybe you're ready
Wait...	Shh.  It's okay
Eve, she strangled a baby!	Nobody is interested in sending a nun to prison
Weren't you expecting us?	That broad you picked up -- did you know she was a US Marshal, for Christ sake
Oh.	Aren't you meeting Mr. Sheldrake
Couldn't we forget the plane? You could lift me in your big strong arms?	Sure, and let the plane crash in the middle of the city
Impossible.	...what a world
You mean, the guy who turned blue and <u>wet</u> himself... ?	I'm sorry, about this..
1840... 50... 60... 70...	Going over the wall.  Coming to bearing 065. Everybody stay tight and in sight
Awwww, buddy --	And don't call me buddy! Out of here! Out
Fine, we're fine in the circumstances. But I can guess what you've called about. There's nothing we can do; they won't reopen the station--	Yes, I know, but Jurek, Jurek..
It was an analogy. Your soul is locked up inside you. You need to free it Trevor. You've blocked it from the healing process. That's what we need to do now. Heal your soul. And to do that I you have to give in utterly and without any hesitation or doubt. Do you know what I mean by giving in? It's about trust. Do you trust me implicitly?	I don't even know what's real and what isn't how can I trust anyone
It was different...	What was she like
Appears to be a door hanging open, the entrance is clogged with debris.	Looks like a derelict
"Seriously, when I left, I joined the Army and took the service exam. They found my psych results fit a certain profile. A certain ""Moral flexibility"" would be the best way to describe it... I was loaned out to a CIA- sponsored program. It's called ""mechanical operations."" We sort of found each other..."	You're a government spook
Thought I'd take a walk. Any law against it?	Well, you just turn around and walk the other way
Right now! It's very important, M'sieu Laval.	It may be important to you, M'sieu Giron-
Hey, you said you did a video?	Yup
I want to thank you for coming to my graduation, Stephen. It was a great inspiration to me.	So you're going to fight fires now, huh
But Maude, you don't understand. I love you. Do you hear me? I've never said that to anyone in my life before. You're the first. Maude. Please don't leave me.	Oh, Harold, don't upset yourself so
You're like New York. You're an island.	Okay, if that's all that we've been through together means to you, I guess it's better if we just said goodbye, once and for all! You know, it's funny, after all the serious talks and passionate moments that it ends here... in a health food restaurant on Sunset Boulevard. Goodbye, Sunny
"I expect to hear from you soon. If Huey Newton takes a crap, I want to know how big it was. Otherwise I'm gonna come looking for you. And I won't be as ""friendly"" as today."	I got you
Take it from me, you never do. But congratulations. Nice to be married, isn't it?	Very much so
But she told him, Frances. She told him about us.	I know this is difficult for you. I know that you love her
It's, uh, parked just off of Highway Thirty-Five.	I did what I could for you..
Thought you were going to buy a car.	Still am.  There's more gold than I thought, and since there's only two of us now...  Where should I go
Jack!  The courtyard's been taken... The Baron's forces are besieged in the south tower.  No sign of... Jack?  Do you hear what I'm saying? We've won, lad.	It doesn't matter
What's the matter?  Where's your husband, young lady—	Husband
So?	So, I saw you put that book down your trousers
I'm frightened and confused and I... I think I want to go back to San Francisco where there are buildings and... and concrete and...	Melanie..
Laurant and Vincent were in business with Zammito.	What kind of business
Please complete this sentence. I want to be citizen because...	I want to be a citizen because... well, because of my girl, sir
I thought I'd listen to some of the tapes. See what's so important that a mob guy has to lock it away in his safe.	Sounds boring
But they don't have a case against you.	"Are you kiddin'? Did you ever see a 14-year-old testify in court? Did you see the papers? ""LaMotta on Vice Rap."" Everybody likes a shot at the Champ"
Come on by.	I'll call you back..
How 'bout some Cokes?	Cost ya a buck
What the hell is that?	Those are five hundred dollar chips
No, no, it's Hungarian.  My daijka sang it to me.	It's beautiful.  What's it about
I'm sorry...	I told you.  That I got a lot of pressures.  You said to me that you needed money, and I knew that you needed money!  I saw you there lying in the hospital like that... and I said... shit, man, I got to get this guy some money
The next time you're in wild country like this, keep in touch with the British Consul.	Aha - very good, Freshie.[3] Very good. You'd better put his name on the list and make out a report later
What do you think?	What do I think? I think the cops caught them, or killed 'em
So that's it?  That's the secret grand adventure of the infamous Jack Sparrow?  You spent three days on the beach drinking rum?	Welcome to the Caribbean, love
Don't judge me.  You're a joke, coming here from a fucked-up culture, telling us what to do!	Yeah, it is fucked up -- but it's not too late to keep that from happening here
Alison.	Say hi to Zoe
It's private.	You're kidding, right? Tell me what happened, you fucker, or I'll tie your dick in a knot
Many of the thieves will resist. My regular enforcers will be inadequate.	Form a Brute Squad then. I want the Thieves' Forest emptied before I wed
You never - ?	Get this through your head, you Jew motherfucker, you. You only exist out here because of me!  That's the only reason!  Without me, you, personally, every fuckin' wiseguy skell [Skell: the lowest form of wiseguy - a drunken bum] around'll take a piece of your fuckin' Jew ass! Then where you gonna go?!  You're fuckin' warned! Don't ever go over my fuckin' head again! You motherfucker, you
What he was talkin' about... how them deputies had the drop on you an' Pete...	Yeah
That's not the way to get ahead in life.	Yes
So... everything sounds... wonderful?	Yes, it is
I'll just say that we had a great night together.	Hang in there, buddy, you'll get there
How can you watch this crap?	Where are you going
"Next time, when you want two corned beef sandwiches, say, ""Two corned beef sandwiches."" When you want two ginger ales, say, ""Two ginger ales."""	What's the difference
I rest my case. He's a Jewish Nazi. He always was.	Whereas Avi's a Zionist Nazi
Nervous?	A little
Sheila? Yes she was. Is. Was.	There's old saying my mother told me. Would you like to hear it
What happened?	I got beat up. They...  They broke my thumbs
You did it for me.	Yes.  I care about you.  I did it for you
He always look so	Block E
Is...is that where we are?  Did I die?	Not yet, honey..
I don't know. The cheeks maybe... look a little --	Cheeks? Cheeks? Right. Too much, you think
Just kickin' back, I guess. I don't know. Jack and I were supposed to go golfing.	Huh
Oh, get off that trapeze!  There's your story! Smear it all over the front page -- Earl Williams caught by the Morning Post! And take all the credit -- I covered your story for you and I got myself in a fine mess doing it -- and now I'm getting out! I know I told you that twice before today -- but this time I mean it!	You drooling idiot! What do you mean, you're getting out! There are three hundred and sixty-five days in the year one can get married -- but how many times have you got a murderer locked up in a desk? -- Once in a lifetime! Hildy, you've got the whole city by the seat of the pants
Naturally I think so.	Warm and friendly and intelligent--  You know -- he's the only real friend I've made since I've been here
Yes -- of course.	Something that would dramatize for them and for their people the seriousness of the situation. Something that would affect the entire planet
Not yet.	Shit, I wonder what these kids did to bring this much hell down on 'em
Sean, this is ridiculous.  You're acting very immature.	I'm not acting!  I don't want to go in it, okay
hey.	Paula.  Ellen
Well forget the art show... let's do something else.	I... I wish I could, Enid, but I really can't right now... I -- it's just that I -
I'm sorry, but you're not my type.	Fine. Friends it is. I can live with that
Lecter is still the key, I know he is. Whatever he told me about Bill is just as good now as it was before.	Or just as worthless. But I want you in Memphis, close to him. Maybe when he gets tired of toying with Senator Martin, he'll talk to you again. There's a plane waiting for you now at the airstrip
How's the mother?	She's dying. But I could still hear her big mouth
In a way...	I detect a note of reticence. Are you, perhaps, one of those amongst us who feel this emotive form of presentation is overly manipulative
Oh! Great. That's great!	A religion instructor at Columbia. A good guy. He's a good guy
Yeah, she came by last night. Shaking like a junkie, wanting me to make a copy of some clip.	What clip?  What was it
Is it a rex?	I don't think so
We declared war again?  Are you scared?	I'll be back
Remember what I said when we first started -- this little breakdown might turn out to be the best thing that ever happened to you!	It doesn't pay very much, but I should be able to afford my own place in a few months... Do you think that's too soon? I'm really anxious to get my record collection out of storage..
That asshole's not my friend! I barely know him!  I hate his fucking guts --  -- Ellis, for Christ's sake, tell him you don't mean shit to me --	John, how can you say that, after all these years--?  John?  John
I heard you were working in the cargo docks.	That's right
A guy named Scagnetti. Seymour Scagnetti.	How is he
You don't flinch when a gun goes off; you react. You go. Don't listen for the sound; don't anticipate it. Concentrate on the sound itself.	I don't understand
Not only is he a great agent, but he really gives good meetings.	M'mm
You're like your mother.  You love money.	Dad
What?	Do you remember the make of the car
I'll bring the wine... and the business plan.  And Lydia you'll bring the ghosts.	I can't <u>bring</u> the ghosts.  They're not here
That should take care of that lot. We are now officially in the money- loaning business, all right, son?	All right, Dad
I'm pleased with you, Sera... how you have moved up in the world. I showed you a glamorous world when I took you off the streets...  and how you repay me.	Where have you been staying
Going somewhere, Margie?	I'm just cleaning out some of this stuff that's built up. For the rummage sale. And some things for the cleaners. And the laundromat
"My...""detail"", sir. We're going to bury the heads."	No time for that. I'll take care of them
Would you like part of this? ....It's not much.	All the insides are gone
I'm not?	You missed a fucking sale.  Big deal.  A deadbeat Polack.  Big deal. How you going to sell 'em in the first place...?  Your mistake, you shoun'a took the lead
What do they say?	They're practically all the same, sir
Thirty seconds to Cloud boundary...	Opinion, Mister. Spock
No.	What else did the District Attorney's Office tell you to say
Okay.	You sure you really want to
Five times a day?	-- I guess it's all got to do with this shop
What are you doing?	Just wanted to see
We'll see.	Okay.  It's good knowing this
You're purposely making me talk while we do this...  ...because you think this is good for me...  ...and you're a sadistic bastard...	Yes
Nice touch, Pritchett: subtle.	As a tumor
Charm.	Uh huh.  Look, Nero.  I'll make you an offer.  Take her.  Right now.  If she wants to go, if she's unhappy here, she can go.  I'll let her choose.  Faith always knows what she wants.  Hands off.  See
And that's not the same thing?	No, but like all novelists, I'm in search of the self
Bill, this Brenda's Randy Flagg's niece. We need to find Grant yesterday! The town council has lit a Roman candle and stuck it up my ass!	Hell, Jack, your leisure activities ain't my business
Dreamin's all any of you're gonna be doing if we don't get this boat running.	Yeah, yeah
What are you doing, Ross? I've had that 15 years! ..	It's not your friend. It keeps you sucking. Remem- ber the old Bum's lungs
James... I can't begin to tell you how pleased we all are.  Congratulations, and I really mean it.	Thank you
Of course not... he's sort of a boyfriend.	-- sort of a boyfriend
Wouldn't have known you.	What's on your mind
It's in the safe. She can't get at it.	Call her, tell her the combination
What happened to your head?	I was in a car chase and a small explosion. Now listen to me: The NSA is behind this. They think that guy I told you about, Daniel Zavitz, they think Zavitz gave me a tape or computer chip of some kind that could be damaging to them. So they're doing all these things <u>electronically</u>. The bank records, the surveillance. They're the ones who broke into the house. Now I know there's no reason to believe me. But I love you. And I love our son. So just believe me anyway.  Please
Considering the nature of your work, that could be unhealthy.	True
Des Moines.	What's he do
Yes.  I told you.  It was exactly like mine.	But then I would be dead now
I think I talked to him.	Who
How did it go?	There was one bad moment -- some hunters stopped us
Well, now Kid, there's two of these cowboys, ain't that so? Better there's three of us... maybe them cowboys got friends. Maybe...	I was gonna kill them two by myself. It don't take three
Six months.  Eleven days.	Till today, I haven't believed a word.  Now, I'm curious.  Six months, eleven days.  I'm going to give you one more hour to impress me.  Where to
Seriously, the '61s are peaking, aren't they? At least that's what I've read.	Yeah, I know
I think I'll go to bed.	Oh. Well, goodnight
Open it! Open it before they get here!	I can't till the hatch is flooded
Okay.	You get a lot of people come in here with no clothes on
I'm not going to quit now....	You're all I have left...I don't want you going in the water...
Is this a payoff?	No.  It's a sample.  You guys ever heard of the Superbill
You sure?  A Coke or a Perrier or something?	Oh yeah... 1'm fine..
What?	Listen
I'm telling you what I was told by my uncle. And he should know. He ran half a dozen men's clubs in Baltimore before he skipped town on a bad debt.	Didn't you say your Mom went to Catholic school
Just tell me. I'll do whatever you want to do.	Nothing
No, I'm not.	P-whipped, p-whipped
I don't think I'm gonna take it.	It's a gig
I'm outta here.	Wait for me
You're saying the bombing was a cover-up. Of what?	I don't know. But I have a hunch what you're going to find here isn't anything that can be categorized or easily referenced
That was uncalled-for.	I'm sorry, Walt. So much pressure lately... you feel like going for a drink
Fine. More eggs or should we just fuck on the linoleum one last time?	I told you! I won't apologize for who I am
That's not why he's sending me.	Why then
We're gonna die!	Arlo, shut up
You don't know the half of it.	What'd you do before this, anyway? Wait-- let me guess. Ice sculpture? Rock
I think we go on. I'm not sure what happens after we die, but yeah-- I have faith in that.	You believe in it
Phillippe -- he's very bright, he's perceptive, but he is in such turmoil --	You grow fond of him.  That's good
How about this?	Forget it. I'm sure it sucks. All these movies suck
The reactor's still hot. We've got several small radiation sources, leaks probably. Nothing serious.	Do they have pressure
Sabotage?	A three-thousand ton frigate doesn't just vanish into thin air
Keep your three o'clock.	Do you want me to work the case, Phil, or do you want me to -
How's that?	You give up awfully easy, don't you
No can do. Life goes on, pointfive ... You left me, remember?	I left town. I didn't leave you
What if there are complications?-	"-not ""what if""- there will be, there always are. Which only means that our ""son"" and I- note my confidence- will have an excuse to come visit"
Hey hold it!  Gimmie the cash.	Uh...can we give you a check
Mr. White, please, I promised those people I'd get back to them by this morning. What do you think?	Look, I don't know, Kent. . . CLARK  Personally, I think it could be a terrific story
Me first!	Forget it, bunghole
The job manages to keep me pretty busy.	Nonsense.  You should be in a job where you can make decisions that have impact, affect the world.  Here you're trying to climb up the steep side of Mount Everest
Keep watching the news.  Are you watching the news?	How are you getting to the airport? You need money for the bus
I sent a female in. The room in question was rented by an Anglo, cash; since then, nothing -- no activity, no phone response.	Let's take a look
How far off are you?	Five minutes
This administration does not negotiate with terrorists.	Pity. Mr. Gibbs
Your name?	L. B. Jefferies
Like fire.	What
What is he? Tell me! What the hell are we dealing with?	Evil
That was -- different.	...Different
Now we expand our search to include uniforms.	ALL uniforms
You're behind this, aren't you?  You and your sick friends.  Well, make it stop!	Listen to yourself.   Why would I do anything like what you're describing
Then I found out Hopalong Cassidy had shot himself in the game room. That just blew it for me.	Who
Six years ...	Six years. Shit. Time flies, don't it? Six years ago we were fartin' through Armani and pissin' Cristal. Now look at us ..
"No, I'm into earthworms now. You wouldn't be interested. They're real ""boring"" creatures. Very reliable, dependable, no surprises..."	You're still mad at me, aren't you
Three whole weeks.	Ah, sweet college days. But you're the one who blew it. I'm still available. Available Ferguson. Say, Midge, do you remember a guy at college named Gavin Elster
Yeah?	That's no way to answer the phone
There's one in every story.	Ten bucks says she's looking for a handout
I'm sorry, alright?  It was just a stupid joke.	Will, sit down..
'Course he does.	You know, when Larry and I got married, I thought we were so lucky we found each other so early. People talk about spending their lives together, how many of them really get to?  But maybe I was wrong.  Maybe sooner or later everything wears out
Which one?	Which one
Sorry.  I'm just a little unclear as to why the Museum of Natural History would send somebody here.	You have a thing against museums
"""It's a dangerous thing to confuse chidlren with angels..."""	"-- and you wanna know the common element for the entire group, like he asks...I'll tell you the answer: I'll tell you, 'cause I had that question.  I had that same question....Carbon. In pencil led, it's in the form of graphite and in coal, it's all mixed up with other impurities and in the diamond it's in hard form.  ""Well...all we were asking was the common element, Donnie...but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge...ahhh, Kids!  Full of useless thoughts, eh?""  Thank you. Thank you.  And the book says: ""We may be through with the past but the past is not through with us.""  And NO IT'S NOT DANGEROUS TO DO THAT"
No, George, we've already done that with Lonnie. The blind one last year, remember?	Oh, of course. Who can forget the Emmy?  Then let me bring Betty to the set and see what happens
Plenty of signs -- just none of them printed. Who do I get the idea you're not just passing through!	Well... OK... here it is... Uh... I'd like you to take a look at my horse. Now -- it won't take long and if, after that, you still don't feel..
Maureen.	What
Yes, ma'am. Somebody had some trouble parking.	Well, it's a tricky turn
I mean, about the Power of Attorney.	Oh, yes. Yes, I will
You guys have done a nice job.  How bout five dollars?	That's it
Like I always do?	Thass right. Just play it..
I guess this is a first for you.	No, I've been excited before
What's Harry doing with your suit in there?	Fixing it
I hope you like it. It's a Marquis cut, 1.5 carats. They had one with emeralds around it, but this was simpler, more classic in its lines.  Letty?	It's, it's really nice, Paul
That's over. Way over.	I can't know things if you don't tell me
You're two hours late.	I know.  It's her fault
I'm sorry.  I'm just --	Stressed
Champion to champion.	Not with me, you're no champion. You're stepping way up in class
The team is in mourning, darling.	Oh really
Bertrand, sire.	I have just had the most vivid... dream... about Josephine
Would you like a cigarette?	No, thank you. They stain my fingers
No cigarettes.	I had it cupped
I'm goin' on down to Kansas.	We got to kill this other one first.  Shit, Ned, if we're lucky, we could kill him by nightfall... or maybe tomorrow morning. Then we could head back, all three of us, with the money
Now Death is not what you would call a people person, like me. Death is a <u>putz</u> - and I should know. I'm his little brother.	You're Death's <u>brother</u>
I do not speak English.	Right. In Omaha the driver will put you on the bus for Salt Lake City and the new driver will take...  ...this part. When you get to Salt Lake City, ask the driver, 'Las Vegas, please'..
Come on.	You gonna tell me why
Mister LaPlante...	Take a look at my employment record, you got my employment record there, right?  You see any unemployment there, any welfare? I'm a taxpayer.  They eat me alive, the tax people, they got taxes on everything, taxes, taxes, taxes, and forms!  Taxes and forms so I can pay your goddamn salary, so you can sit there and write stuff, guys like me pay your wages..
She was very pretty.	What's her name
It's nice to see you.	It's nice to see you
I said ten thousand.	You have blood on your pants
"I haven't heard an official ""no"" yet."	You haven't told then, huh
Ohh, oh sure it's no big deal, you see all my former clients will eventually die, and all your clients used to be alive, so they have something in common.	You'd be doing hair and makeup and answering the phone
It's no just a house. It's his home. He's waiting there for me...to dream.	It's okay, babe.  We're with you
I don't wanna go out there at <u>all</u>...	What do you want to do?  You want to jam up that sonofabitch Krendler
So you're saying she moved out.	This morning
-- yes --	-- power too -- promise me that -
Maybe he's scared of the dark.	Are you
Just smile again and be reasonable.  I'll order dinner here--just the two of us--like old times.	--and you swear when you get to the other side, you'll never come near either of us again
That was quite something.	He wrote some beautiful piano sonatas
I assume Benes knows how to control it.	That's right. He wanted us to have the secret, and not them. Which is why they tried to kill him
Don't you see? Jason was _asleep_. And he was dreaming -- the REM patterns prove that. And I saw finger blades just like Krueger's come out of Jason's chest. There has to be a connection.	Yeah... I think I understand...  You're drunk, too
One dozen bolt cutters!  Whadda you gonna do with one dozen bolt cutters?	You really want to know
I'll get the girl.	Nah, don't bother -
Fifteen yards.	That's fifteen by seven
How d'you know what I'm like?	Ross told me
Well, Mister President.	What kind of trouble
We have a special home for you for the rest of your life.  Nobody gets near you.  You're not going any place.	Yeah, some deal I made
A sauciere --	That's right, sir -- I come from New Orleans -- I was raised to be a sauciere.. a great sauciere. We specialize in sauces; my whole family. It's what we do. I was supposed to go to Paris and study at the Escoffier School; I was saving the money. They called me for my physical so I figured the Navy had better food
Let me finish. Can I finish?	Go ahead
The man who sold the boy to your brother.	I’m impressed. That information could have cost me £20,000
It's not ergot, it's not pituitary extract, it's not oil of rue...	It claims to restore monthly regularity
For doting; not for loving, pupil mine.	I pray thee, chde me not; whom I love now doth grace for grace and love for love allow; the other did not so
I'm sorry to hear that. But you weren't close, were you?	Marvin says that Rex's will is four years old. He never redrafted it
No.  They don't represent a message. They aren't decorative at all.  They have another purpose entirely.	What
Don't call me Father. It's just Graham now.	Sorry
We'll put Salino on it.  I need somebody careful.	Salino?  Why waste our best people on a small-time job like this?  It ain't no heavy gee we're after. The guy's a five and dime grifter
And the first thing we do is get rid of Supergirl!	What do you mean we
You heard that Bobby Vomit O.D.'d, right?  Do you suspect foul play and stuff?	I'll tell you when somebody pays me to give a shit and stuff
For an hour.	You're joking
The fifty kilos, Matthew.  I have to find it.  I can't let it get out on the street.	Why?  What's the big goddamn deal
Looks like a spore.  Fungus of some kind, maybe?	Bloody big if it is.  Top's open
You did.	That was then. This is now. Who am I talking to
Captured?  How?	By storytellers, of all things.  Every so often, they imagine a story good enough to catch its essence.  Then it's held prisoner for a while.  In the story
He'll be back soon.	How do you know
I counted to three, honey.	Well sure, honey, but..
That's bullshit, Jeff!	You greased the rails
You're going to thank me for this. You know what the media's like. They love this kinda shit. If that guy goes off half-cocked and gets himself hurt, you're going to have so much bad publicity, you...	I heard you the first time. We had nothing to go on with this kid. Just a runaway.  Do you really think he's in danger
She's on the North Head Bluff - approaching the cliffs.  One klick away.	Copy.  She's only got twenty-eight minutes left.  Track ahead and pick her up
Where did you get those from, a museum?	Nick the Greek
Oh--a hundred times--	--and I can tell you where to get off
I... I am a little child but my body keeps getting bigger and soon I... I won't be able to fit in, I... I won't be able to squeeze into Heaven.	Agnes dear, Heaven is not a place where..
Well, I am in the construction business, Buddy, and without braggin' I have done real good at it.  There are those who wouldn't have expected that out of me.  Right now I'm buildin' a giant motel unit near Alexandria, outside Washington, D.C. Not fi-nance, I'm on the construction side.	Well, that's interesting, Dave. I always liked Washington, it's a pretty town
Yeah.	Weird what you remember
Least you got your priorities straight.	I never asked you to choose
You know, man, that guy was trying to be friendly.	That ain't my idea of friendliness
How?!  It's a machine, Alex. Machine's don't think.  They're not alive.  It's a good program, a brilliant program, it was designed so it would act as if it were alive, but it's not alive.	So how did it know my name, then
Do you wash your hands before you type things?	Why, yes
The mainstream media. TV, or a newsmagazine.	Right. But Gary's tied-in to a lot of media conglomerates. Have to be careful who we pick
Dieter asked where I was. He expected me here. Maybe someone was assigned to bring me here.	Rene
You're a true <u>friend</u>.	I'm not. Believe me. <u>I'm</u> scum
You know much about about Special Forces; Green Berets, Captain ?	I've worked with them on occasions and I saw the movie , sir
There?	Here
Rub your ears.	Yes, rubbing your ears is very soothing. Cory does that to me when I hyperventilate
You could have infected him, isn't that right?	Miguel has not been infected. As I said, we weren't aware of AIDS, then, or how it is spread
But you didn't ask permission. You broke a trust. If you had asked, Karen probably would have let you. I'm sure she would.	I know. That's why I went
Brad, please lets get out of here.	For God's sake keep a grip on yourself Janet
"You said ""fuck""."	Yeah I know.  I did
Less than a mile.  Forty-one wagons, a company of Redcoat infantry, horses at the rear.	Flanking riders
I didn't.	No. You ate yours
But why, Son of Malkovich?	We need you on the inside, my child. To report on his comings and goings, and if need be, to... destroy him...  ...for lack of a better word
Quod nomen mihi est?	La plume de ma tante
Told you, I did.  Reckless is he ... Now things are going to worse.	The boy is our last hope
I know.  Lloyd, let's not start putting things on this level.	What?  This is a good level, isn't it
So where do you know Alan from?	We play tennis at the club
Where have you been? I've been looking all over for you... I've been wandering the streets day and night trying to find you...	Really
Where's the bag she gave you?	She didn't give me one. I told you before, Melanie wasn't part of the plan. Ordell must of told her to do it. She bursts in, grabs the shopping bag, and takes off. What am I supposed to do, go after her? I'm in my fucking underwear. I had to get dressed before I could do anything. So I put this back on 'cause could put this on faster than I could my uniform
Not here.  They might see it.	If I'm going to die for the CIA, I'm going to go out smoking.  Besides, there's half a forest between us and them, they can't see a goddamned thing
And?	In my car.  Blackmail shit.  The trunk under the carpet.  Patchett got me to photograph a cop fucking this gorgeous cunt Lynn, looks just like Veronicaaa -
Maxine! Listen:  It hasn't been me in John the last three times. Craig's had me locked up in the apartment. He made me call you at gunpoint. It's been him! Oh, God, it's been him!	Really? Well, you know, he's quite good. I'm surprised. Anyway, I have a session with Malkovich I have to attend. I'll speak with you soon
Both of youse--shaddup.  This is a place of business.	Tell 'em, Pop
What was that?	Who was that? Somebody out there
Families shouldn't be separated. I'll never make another long trip without you and the kids. We'll all be together.	Dear heart, I love you
Understand?  I'm sorry.	No, I - I... mean...  that can grow as I - as long as there's a mutual respect... that kind of thing can grow. I'm realistic. I can accept that. But, you know, what is... What is love anyway?  It's a... it's a mutual respect. It's - it's a devotion. It's a... it's a caring from one person to another. And if we could set up some kind of foundation...  based on that mutual respect...  I feel that eventually you would care enough about me... that I could live with that
What are you researching?	I'm writing a book
You know, on farm route 17.	Oh yes! In Muncie
Of course I do -- I never knew what money really meant till I started spending it. Do you know --  I can hardly believe that anything so beautiful should come to me from Preysing -- I'll take care of you. Will -- will you let me?	What
You disgust me... even if what you say is true.	Then you won't forgive me
Cute.	You don't have to answer everything I say. Just listen to me. Okay
My reputation precedes me.	There is no museum in Iskenderun
La what?	“La collectionoose”. It’s about a young girl in the south of France who seduces a different man every night and then meets one who resists her. It’s on TV tonight and as I’m in I thought we could perhaps look at your accounts and... The review says it’s about the conflict between intellect and instinct. And witty. The director’s supposed to be famous. Rommel or something. French. You must know him
Damien Karras.	Karras
Those assholes.	The poor girl's out of a job
Why is she eight pounds over?	...trying to offer you the respect that your..
Shit, I don't remember exactly. I took over for my Pa just after the Duke nabbed the Oscar.	The Duke
I know...  But Dad, you can't go back.  You didn't die in that fire.  And no matter what you do, nothing is gonna change that.  So all we can do is deal with this...and try to make it right.	I don't think I can.  I'm not a cop.  I can't.   I can't stop this guy
Maybe it's time you got out.	Me
I don't know.	I heard you calling and I ran after you, but you kept disappearing and I couldn't keep up
Oh I wish I got that one on tape. It'd put a smile on my face everytime I'm down.	Bitch
I just played it.	Play it again
Oh, but Doctor. The music -- the champagne -- girls when they dance -- all the shining ice in those big silver things -- That's life --	Life! -- Mr. Kringelein, you are drunk -- good night
What?	I always thought it was the bat that scared me that night that changed my life. But it wasn't. The real fear was hiding underneath: what I read in the journal, that my parents' deaths were my fault. That's what I couldn't remember. That's the crime I've been paying for all these years
Very well.  That means that you have met all Mr. Holland's requirements.  Now, as to salary -- it's quite good -- two hundred dollars a month.	That is good.  But I'd like to know more about the case
Well -- I've always thought that you were a very -- nice -- person.	Did you know I was an alcoholic
Now you know what I know.	Sir
The questions Little Bill asked him... what sort of questions was they?	About where you an' him  was... an' where you was from... an' what your names was... an'..
Denmark?  Sweden?	I like that... yeah
Why you're here?	... Yeah
Will the Company put up five hundred dollars to get Jane McKenna's list of clients?	No. It's ridiculous. This has nothing to do with Tom Grunemann
Now, if you want to work like a real nigger, you can always go out and chop cotton.	They done that too long in my family
Shoot him with the stun gun. While he's incapacitated, cuff him, take 'em to County.	You do that
"How 'bout giving me ""the tour""?"	Why not
Looks like he's been detained.	Who's going? Us
Fron kon steen!	Are you putting me on
What?	Lift me down
Watch it!	Recognizers
Just for protection.  You won't have to do anything.  I just need you to watch.	All right.  What do we do now
How much do you know?	I know they made me.  Even got the label on my neck to prove it
Good evening, Louis. You seem to be very crowded tonight. Can you manage a table near the floor?	Certainly, Your Highness, this way please... Count d'Algout made the reservation this afternoon
I got bored so I went to the movies.	What'd you see
WELCOME?	Well, of course. We always welcome friends
I got a bad feelin', Llewelyn.	Well I got  a good one. So they ought to even out. Quit worrying about everthing
If I don't 'grow up...'	You're like a kid, you're coming in here like it's Saturday night, you want me to say that you've got a fever -- you don't have to go to school..
I'm going to miss the game.	Because you buckled
Please, can I think about this for a minute...Okay, I'm sorry, it's fine.  What do you want me to do?	Just keep lookin' at me and only think about the distance <u>across</u>. Count it as you go:  One, two...by eight you'll be there
Disappointed?	About what
No more brothers, Diego.	Of course we are brothers.  Why do you say that?   You hurt me, George
You're sure? There's lots more.	No, I'm sure, that'll be enough
Doctors and nurses can only do so much, Alma.  They can't cure everything.	Doctors that are people can't cure everything
Look, they're staring right at us.	You think your mom knows we snuck out last night
I don't understand, who are... ?	I'm sorry, let me explain, the R.C.M.P. is a support organization and archive, not unlike the Center for Missing and Exploited Children in Washington.  I'm sure you've dealt with them before
So I was thinking about what you were saying - y'know, about really being kissed? I think Roger could be the one.	What'd you feel when you kissed him
He mentioned you had a girl for a while.  A singer.	For a while.  She left
You'd have to organise it up here.	Yes, I thought that
Oh.  Congratulations.	The marriage already ended
Goddamn voices... DROWN 'EM!	I need help, Audrey
Whoever put'em there didn't do it to kill people -- They put 'em up as signs --	Signs
Yes, well, from the Department's point of view you're certainly a bit of an own goal, but ...	I'm not a terrorist! You must know that! I'm not guilty! Get me out of here
You know what I think?	What's that, Ed
Everybody goes there.	You may as well invite her here
It's possible, of course, that you'll die in Africa.	I've considered that
I'm so frightened.	You've got a right to be. We're trapped by a bunch of fiends
Of course not, that Swedish thief! He's a thief of hearts!  I love you, Gabrielle.	Hunh
Well, that's all part of it.	We've got weather moving in from the west
Stop.  We still got serious detective stuff to do, but we've been up all night so we should hit the sack for...	What a perv..
Captain, we have been seized by a tractor beam...!	Get someone up here to take the Navigator's station...!  Engineering... full emergency power
Makin' homes for purple martins, huh? We had 'em on the farm. They're the prettiest things. That's what I wish I was, a bird. Just fly around catch bugs and have a lot of fun.	What are you going to do, Rose
And give you a good buzz.	Or maybe it will trap me inside for all eternity
Destroy Superman!	Wait! Not yet! Back
Too early to tell.	How does Mrs. Eyes Only like being married to a guy on everybody's hit list
Lesion, Lesion in the temperal lobe. It's a kind of seizure disorder.	Look doc, I really don't understand how her whole personality could change
You won't die, Rose.	Buddy, I'm scared, I'm scared
Captain, their call is being carried on an amplification wave of enormous power!	Can you isolate the wave
Jim -- what's wrong?!	You've got to come see -- a big thing went down over the hill
I felt like such a shit, pilgrim, after what I did to you -- not that I did anything wrong -- that I kept investigating, poking around. There's some poor s.o.b. in L.A. with his face all bent out of shape who you've damaged his movie career. Lucky for him, people don't look at his face.	Do the police want to arrest me
Huh?	I mean, he's not serious, he'll end up living off Janey and Jim, you watch. It's just that you develop a sense when you get older, if things are going to work out or if they won't, and sometimes it's not worth the mess..
Not listed, huh?	I just haven't found it yet. I tried C. Halbrook, Connie Halbrook, Spunky Halbrook..
To kill. The taste of blood in your mouth.	The moment of truth
Go away.	That cleaning woman doesn't..
You've already stolen my heart, as well as another more prominent organ, south of the Equator...	Your publisher says I'm not to leave without a new manuscript
Why?	The last date I had was twenty years ago
I'm sorry, I --	Well, tell him I'll be back
No, Brother Minister.	Why not? You've had ample time, you and the sister
I— I never knew a girl like you, Edie. I always knew the kind you just grab 'em And— I never knew a girl like you, Edie.	It's fun dancing with your eyes closed. I'm floating. I'm floating... 
Are they?  Why would they?	That's exactly my question, Jerry. Maybe I'd better show you some pictures so you can begin to understand what I am talking about
He's right. I should go first.	He's so brave
We're not going on vacation..we're on a mission..	What kind of mission
Alison.	Alison
What else do you know?	I never could believe that Tom was a split personality. I never believed he was a Dumper; and I don't believe he disappeared of his own volition; and I don't believe he's alive
I imagine that's very important. Especially during the moulting season.	Yes, that's a particularly dangerous time
During the Middle Ages people were executed at every corner.  What's your point?	This house, the whole damned area around here is one mass grave... Now you might call me crazy, but there is something negative about the place
There aren't enough arrows.	Never mind.  Just do it!  Retrieve the arrows somehow
Don't look much like he could. You say he can fix a small engine like nobody's bidness.	He's a regular whiz at it. That's all he did when he was a kid
Good God.	My Lord
The FBI can't arrest you, because you haven't done anything wrong.	Well, that's a relief.  I understand they usually don't let that stop them
What've you got for me?	I've retrieved certain pieces of information on Miss Katarina Stratford I think you'll find helpful
It was foolishness to attempt this portrait.  You cannot force what will not flow.	You don't want me to sit for you anymore
I better go over and see her.	Don't be silly. Nothing you can do. Must be tough on an old woman—a trip like this
He's a brilliant man. Brilliant enough to catch you.	Brilliant? You think he caught any of them because he was brilliant? Hardboy? MyDick? Imelda? Ripper? Think about it, how did he locate them?  He found them as Murman. And how did Murder Man find them? With sweet talk and brains? No. He did it with souvenirs. He took them into private rooms, swapped goodies: pictures, panties, jewelry, body parts. Snuff downloads. As bait. That's why I never exchanged with him. He killed girls, oh yeah, harvested them. He had the best stuff. Richard Low is Murman and Murman is one of us
I'm just leaving.... do you have my jacket?	Uh, yeah... I'll bring it down
Lad, you have an unnatural desire to pay for things. It stunts the mind and shrivels the imagination.	Hand over your dinner
We were romantic then too--	Are you and Mom home tonight
Lunch hour. My next class isn't till nine-thirty.	Want to take a walk
That dog was mean before I met him.	That dog ain't mean
Not only does he give us a glimpse of the truth, he gives us a glimpse of ourselves.	But how do you account for the popularity of those eight hours a day when Truman sleeps
How much, do you think?	I don't know. I'll find out though
Mr. Caiman...	Call me Charlie
Sure, I guess.	Don't rush ever'body, honey
You professional men drive a hard bargain. I'm afraid I only have five on me. Sheila pulls out a 5 dollar bill.	If you want a professional man, you have to be willing to pay for him
The Torah says not to light a fire on the Sabbath, because it's work, correct?  But if alternating current's running through the wires every second of every day, and I throw a switch, send it here instead of there, how is that lighting a fire?	"""Do chickens give milk?"
Isn't there something you can give him?  A pill or something?	Decay unfortunately doesn't limit itself to the denture, Mr. Baker. It spreads into his chest. Then the heart goes. We wouldn't want that, would we
Now listen, Ann—he can't possibly get in without our seeing him. I'm watching the side door and the Colonel's out front, so stop worrying.	Thank you
There's nothing wrong with being a butcher.	Well, I wouldn't call it an elegant profession. It's in a lower social scale. People look down on butchers
Man knows what he likes.	Lookin' good
Now go over there and get those digits.	You're money
He's coming, Electra!  Get out now!	Oh, God.  I see it
There is one other thing you should know about me.	Nothing you could say would change the way I feel
You're gonna hafta learn to deal with it.	Deal! I'm dealing with two guys named Cheech
Yeah ...	Well--did she really like me or were you just making that up
I... I am Rheya.  But I am not the woman you loved ten years ago.	Yes, you are -
Are you referring to the background score?	Yes!!
A passenger liner. Over.	Say again. Over
He's in a meeting. Could I have him--	--it's urgent
Wait. Something's not right. Isn't that your jacket?	What
He never learned how either and he's still at the bottom of this lake.	He is not
Christ, I don't believe this.	Stand up
I don't understand.	Yours not to reason why, Miss Teschmacher. Relax! Enjoy it!  Just look at that smog
Nerves.	I know, that's the trouble
I can't even imagine.	I hope they're doing better than we are. We don't even have helmets
So when you sleepwalk, can you remember afterward? Like, do you dream?	No. I just wake up and I look around, try to figure out where I am... how I got there
No, did he tell you about it? About the business Childs ran?	What business
I... I just hired these guys to watch my back...	Motherfucker, we're handing you money. What the hell we gonna pull
I mean at you.	For what
To get somebody from a Boston hospital to say he'll testify?	...a Mrs. Doneghy called... I told you that
Well, you're honest, anyway.	Yes, I am -- I'm compulsive about it -- dishonesty infuriates me. Like when you go into a drugstore
Thought you were going to bring her.	So did I
OK. But late.	Great! Go back to your files. Bye
The bourbon.  The news about Ugarte upset me very much.	You're a fat hypocrite. You don't feel any sorrier for Ugarte than I do
Why did you do it?	Why'd I do what
Dad!	What
How 'bout this?  How'd Neptune know where to hit us?  Huh?  Whose Op sec's got a leak?  Yours?	What'd Neptune tell you
The name is Gillis.  I'm single.	Where do you live
Well, find out.  Who's covering her?	Nobody's covering her, I detached the officer assigned to that duty
I was called and I came.  What's up?	William has just turned down Anna Scott
Remember that thing a few years back? That thing with the cab?	What thing
Were there ever any suspects?	No suspects, no motive.  Unsolved
They asked.	And what was your answer
No, you're not.	Where's everybody
I ought to fuckin' have you committed. You fuckin' do that again,  I'll f-, I'll f-	She wasn't gonna get up. I was just gonna be out for a little while
You been in the Majors?	Yep
We'd... I don't know...go to California, New York, maybe a house on a Swiss mountainside...	It'd have to be Switzerland to make sure Dwayne never finds us
Yes, go on.	I am thinking particularly of the other ovary. As a rule I don't believe in removing it. The woman's hormonal system is profoundly disturbed, she is subject to possibly serious depression, she loses many of her secondary sexual characteristics for example, her breasts might shrink and become flabby, facial hair might appear along with a coarsening of the features, and of course her sexual drive is greatly diminished, especially in a girl or young woman. For these reasons I am opposed to removing the other ovary, as a rule. Do you follow me
I don't remember. But off the top of my head, I'd say black.	What's your favorite movie star
Would anybody else see the tape?	Absolutely not. They are for my private use only
...You're young, Mathilda... You still have a chance to get out.  You can't give up this chance. You have to protect it. There's a lot of things to do in life, a lot of other jobs...	There are just two things I'm interested in: love and death.  For the moment, I have none of the two
I'm responsible for you now, you know.  The Chinese say that once you have saved someone's life, you are responsible for it forever. And so I'm committed. And I have to know.	And you'll go on saving me? Again and again
I told you I slept with him.	No, not -- I mean have you, you know -
I guess I'm supposed to do it in the morning.  Identify him.	Sooner, the better
Maggie wanted to have a baby...and...umm...I didn't.	oh
When I'm with you Sheila, I don't even think about bowling. Theo takes Sheila in his arms and kisses her passionately. She stops him and looks around nervously.	If Junior finds us, he'll kill us both
Yeah, they're bad for your health.  I'm tryin' to look out for you...	That's cop bullshit
I don't know. One of your friends.	A woman
Toby!  Toby Tucker, leave him alone!	You stay away, Jenny.  I aim to mess him up, and that ain't a thing for a woman to see
What do you have?	"Not a whole helluva lot. His final transmission was mangled. About something or someone called ""Ahab"". Whatever it is, it cost him his life"
Where are you?	Right beside you.  I borrowed Viktor's car
Ya just got paid, so leave me the fuck alone.	You only pay me two-fifty a week.  I owe you fifty bucks
Jack, it must be so terrible for you, to be trapped here on this island, all over again.	Ah, well ... the company is better than last time.  And the scenery has definitely improved
May I please see the storage facility?	Why do you want to see it
Yes, Joe.	When did this happen
What I'm getting at is this: the only experience that is directly available to you is your sensory data. And this data is merely a stream of  electrical impulses which stimulate your computing center.	In other words, all I really know about the outside universe relayed to me through my electrical connections
Please, it really doesn't matter.	Well.. Did you have a pleaant flight
Of course I do?  Bring them up!	Jeanne... that is not ten thousand reinforcements -- that is one hundred very loyal but very tired soldiers
Uh... I can assure you, Mister Daggett... the events described within are based... on the accounts of eye witnesses and...	Meaning the duck himself, I guess
Hi.	Heard you had quite a night
Don't worry, I'm coming in! What is it?	A snake
Is this where no one stays?	Yeah, that's right, that's it
Oh my dear child.	God blew up the Hindenburg. He'll blow me up, that's what she said..
You're wasting your time. I'm not going to play any more of your goddam games.	Parker Barnes, I'd like you to meet Crime Czar Elizabeth Deane
I mean the armchair!	Oh, that was upstairs.  A real antiquity!  I think it's great
For coming onto my property... With a gun.	No, you're not either
We've got to get him to the infirmary.	What are you going to do to him
Jesus, Jesus! ... When?	Last month, before Thanksgiving
No.	Well... Phantom Mary's on my mother's side. Naturally no one there admits it because Phantom Mary's pretty weird... You want to hear the whole story
Maybe that's why you can't catch him.  I <u>know</u> what she looks like -- the red-headed woman in my computer.	I just came from her... here's what you haven't seen
I've read your interim memo on Lecter. You sure you've left nothing out?	It's all there, sir, practically verbatim
That thing's not going to get us down there fast enough.  Face it, he's dead.	"Wait, Fred, what about your thing, you know... ""Digitize me, Sergeant Chen!"
<u>Also</u>, <u>um</u> <u>zwoelf</u> <u>Uhr</u>.	<u>Am</u> <u>Berliner</u> <u>Zug</u>
Are you all right?	Fine. Together again, huh
Not that I recall.	What about your grandmother
No, Cole, I...	It's all right, I forgive you. I'm not the vengeful type. We'll forget what happened. Why don't we take a trip together? Maybe kill a few lions in Kenya over Christmas
I left a man dead in Felton.  But you don't really care, do you?	That bothers you
I feel like I NEED YOU DAD'S permission just to kiss you. Jody, it's time to assert yourself To be a big girl. An individual. I'm going to this party tonight. Jimmy's my ride. Come over to my house after school. We'll go together.	I have to go home after school. I have something really important I have to ask my mom
Martin?	I agree.  This is the single most important discovery in history
He wouldn't use around me.  I don't like any of it.	You're a good girl
How do you pay for all this? I mean, rent, and tapes and this equipment.	I have money
"I went to the woods because I wanted to live deliberately.""  I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life!"""	All right.  I'll second that
It's an amazing place, don't you think?	Amazing
"If you really want to ""fuck up the system"" - you should go to business school -- that's what I'm gonna do: get a job at some big corporation and fuck things up from the inside!"	That's not even -
Yeah...I guess.	You don't dream him up, he can't hurt you.  Or me.  Or us.  Remember..
You are not ashamed of it? It's no surprise to want to love.	No. It's not that
Worthingsly... Worthington -- no one ever died on me before.	You picked her up on the ferry
What's up, fellas?	Hey Sherman.  Scopin' the babes
Hear what?	That... sawing and hammering
You was a... a crazy sonofabitch.	Nobody liked me... none of the boys. They was scared of me... figured I might shoot 'em out of pure meanness
Bullshit! Your uncle told you!	My uncle's in a coma you moron
Good morning!	What do you mean, 'good morning'? Do you mean that it is a good morning for you, or do you wish me a good morning, although it is obvious I'm not having one, or do you find that mornings in general are good
What happened?	She drank liquid oxygen
Who are you? -- An embezzler most likely.	An embezzler -- you're going to take that back, right here in the presence of this young lady -- who do you think you're talking to? You think I'm dirt, if I'm dirt, you're a lot dirtier, Mr. Industrial Magnate Preysing
Stay here.  I'm going to make a phone call.	Who are you calling
You don't need to do that.	There's something I should tell you, Judy
This gentleman can have my room.	Oh
Oh? More Jewish police? You mean you want me to wear a cap like yours, beat up Jews with my truncheon and catch the Gestapo spirit. I see!	Someone's got to do it, Henryk
Actually, yeah--	Wouldn't happen to be the Lincoln Memorial, would it
You tell her, Max.  Come on, do her that favor.  Tell her there isn't going to be any picture -- there aren't any fan letters, except the ones you write yourself.	That isn't true! Max
My name is Josephine.	And I'm Daphne
What the hell is that?	Tofu.  Ben, I wish you wouldn't
Did you hear that?  My God.  He says that Mbwun is real!	Pardon my French, but bull shit
Yes, you lost your control.	Look at you. You're fuckin' walkin' around like John Barrymore
I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to put you on hold for just one second here --  Do you mind?	Yeah, I mind.  You bet your ass I mind
Victor was not a stranger, he was our neighbor.	He was not family. Family is all that matters. Do you think if you or I were being dragged from here, any one of them would lift a finger to help us
Is he going to be alright?	His heart's beating
You're late.	Are you torturing me on purpose
I sent the document forward to Sandefur. I was told that we would continue to work on a substitute, we weren't going to remove it as it would impact sales, and that that was his decision.	In other words, you were charging Sandefur and Brown & Williamson with ignoring health considerations consciously..
Oh yes, oh yes you did! You've got those bad eyes like a gypsy! Why didn't I see it yesterday! Bad Luck! Is that all I'm ever gonna have? Why didn't I just pick up a stone and kill myself years and years ago? I'm gonna marry him!	What
Sat down with a pretty girl and had an ice cream soda.	How do you like it
Tsi tien, Mr. Bond.	Tsi tien, Professor Wu
Three hundred.	You gave it to the girls for one
Why?	It's too much pressure, it's not his crowd
Flynn! I made it. I worked out some new codes for Tron, put 'em on a disk, and -- it's running.	I know, I met him
Why?	Because that's how he makes his money, by war and plunder
No.	Elle -- it's twenty miles back to campus
I was hoping you could tell me.	You're getting yourself into terrible trouble, my son. Weather's turning very nasty -- and so am I
Yo, let me get in your parent's room man. Just fir a little while.	I can't man
Yes, he's fine, too. You saw them at Easter.	I'm sorry, Mom. I'll call Grandma back and apologize
Dr. Jonas thought you might be inclined not to cooperate.  Why is that?	We don't know who Jonas is.  We don't know who it is we're cooperating with
He's asleep.	You didn't..
Records are those big round black things, right?	Fuck off
Then why the hell are you sitting around here?	Right
Always.	If we're going to Virginia, why don't we drop by Fort Knox?  I can fly a helicopter right in through the lobby and set it down inside the vault and it will be a hell of a lot easier than breaking into the God damn CIA
Sup. Sup.	Come on nigga. Sup, sup then? Stop faking moves
Yes. I haven't lived.  I've died a few times.	What was that
They're all asking how you're doing. Are you feeling up to saying hello to everyone?	Actually I'm feeling up to leaving
Your sister said she didn't know where you were so you shouldn't write to her with return address if you're hiding.	Did you hurt her
...This must be boring you.	Not at all. It's damned interesting
Give me the God damn gum.	Just don't chew it
Well --	You promised us real things -- a real..
Late?	Aerobics class. Sorry. Any messages
Oh, I told Mister Hebbing all about it, how brilliant you are at making money for your special clients!	Mary Beth, I hope you aren't spreading this good news too widely
Ya know, I ain't never been in an institution of psychology before.	Oh..
So why are you telling me this?	Big symbols make big targets, Jordan.  I think someone's gunning for you
Grandpa, stop doin' the Indian Walk!	Gotta keep in practice.  It's a dyin' art
Of course.	Which is also why I've withheld this information from NATO and our allies
"Somebody must be in good humor. He was humming ""Mother Machree."""	"It's one of the boys from headquarters. He always sings ""Mother Machree"" whenever he's got good news. Looks like this case'll be settled in no time"
Yes.  After the First World War Shandor decided that society was too sick to survive.  And he wasn't alone.  He had close to a thousand followers when he died.  They conducted rituals, bizarre rituals, intended to bring about the end of the world.	"She said he was ""the Destructor."
What have you got in mind, General.	We figure we've got less than twenty-four hours to catch up with them. After that, there's not much hope. We want a rescue operation mounted tonight. That doesn't give you much time
What was that?	Your girl friend.  She says she can't make it tonight.  You lousy bastard you have the nerve to give your whores my telephone number. I'll kill you, you bastard
I don't know if this would be a wise move...	Promise
Allright. I admit it: I'm prejudiced. I don't want to work with a homosexual. You got me.	Okay, Joe..
What?	You know what. You say it just to irritate me
I wish you'd leave me alone. I want to go away.	You can
Don't touch me.	Wouldn't you rather have your mother marry me than him
Huh?	The night before the shooting
Honey. It's doesn't mean anything. It's not a message.	That guy in the cemetery today said he knew everything about Lauren
C'mon, just do it.	C'mon Lloyd
They didn't take the silverware?	No, but they took my blender
Did you test the auto-pilots? The satellite positioning receiver?	Next morning. Both boats. Nothing wrong.  My 90 year old grandfather thinks 'Ghost in the computer - Silicon Dragon.
I am... On Gina.  Fuck – I didn't think we were actually gonna do this.	Concentrate on the ball. Shoot
Adenoids?	Lumbago
Oh, I'll be there all right.  I'm not letting you out of my sight. Not till you're ready.	Try and be inconspicuous, okay? Act like a fan
That's a good fantasy, though. Kinky, but good.	Hey!
No.	If she was the right girl, you'd be thinking about her
...How violated I feel?	You're not the only one..
I do.	-- then I'll simply invite all the Robinsons' over for dinner on Thursday
How do you know if you've never tried?	This is a joke, right?  You just want to rattle me.  Right
Jesus, Charlie, I...	Everything's okay, believe me. I know it's rough mentally, but everything's taken care of
Yeah, but if I win this trip, Mama'll kill me. She hates Russians. I do want to go, though... to New York, especially... but I wanted to do it...	What
See, the Jews love to separate things: the holy from the profane, milk from meat, wool from linen, the Sabbath from the week, the Jew from the gentile.... As if one little scrap of this was going to completely contaminate that.	What assholes
Say you're sorry.	Fuck that
Where did you get that?	You won't believe it! Guess
Of course. And Two is the prince who kneels before her on one knee.	Yes, yes! I see Prince
Excuse me?	Why are you yelling
Maybe you didn't notice, but this is a prison.	There are ways around that. Right sergeant
What the hell happened to my car?	Bottom hose was shot too.  Rotted clear through. Had to put a new one in. Runs like a dream now
Don't be naive. They can't kill everybody. They have different punishments for different things. Like, if they kill a stool pigeon, they leave a canary on the body. It's symbolic.	Why don't they leave a pigeon instead of a canary
I've got no address -- last known or otherwise -- no tax returns for the last five years.	Check NCIC, maybe he's got a record.  Then send a protection team as soon as we lock the location
How old is he?	Four.  You're great with these kids
But --	According to the budget, we laid out that's more than our food bill for a whole year. Listen, Bruce, I don't want Walter Burns to use me, but I'm perfectly willing to use him. How long will it take to get him examined
I'm... really sorry.	Like you, the sculpture doesn't even know what, or why, it is. Reluctant to take form. And, yet, creating an absolute but incomprehensible attraction
You know what gets me?  Those guys who went to the moon!  To the moon, boy!	Leave me alone!  After eight years of horrendously close association, the time has come to part!  I crave solitude and time for reflection-- and then a reunion in privacy with my own flesh and blood.  You and I may not meet again for months
What a place for them...	Might I enquire after the situation, sir, given that I've seen of the French engineering from the ridge above
I'm not burying him here...	Why not
I thought you were punishing me.	Why can't we agree on this
To what ... learn how to shoot? They don't get a gun.	They make $105 a week to start. They fold the flag, check the place out in the morning.  I don't know what they learn, Sonny
What post office?	The lot.  The whole British bloody Post Office.  I had a brilliant plan -- all worked out -- work of genius, it was. Could I get anybody interested?  No -- they're too busy pinching orange squash from the milkman.  Lazy sods.  Jumble sale on in Watford, they'll be up at the crack of dawn
It is for me.	But not for me
I-- I must've misplaced it.	I'm sorry, but without a boarding pass we can't let you on the plane
But she is real, it wasn't just a concussion.	Forget her, you're mine. I saw you first
What the fuck are you doing here?	Looking for you.  I tried the hotel
I'd appreciate it if you didn't smoke.	Oh.  Well, where do we start
The world is not thy friend, nor the worlds law. Then be not poor, but break it, and take this.	My poverty, but not my will consents
And...?	And, take some more pictures
There is no money.	Really
She doesn't know what she wants. She's never had a stable life.	And she sure doesn't have one now, either. She needs to live
We don't need the tapes --	Oh, you don't? What else do you have on me? You haven't found any bodies yet, have you
You threatening me?	Listen, Baxter, we made you and we can break you
I'm starting my own collection.	It's Canadian. Where'd you get it
Did I say speak? And it's Mr Harry to you . . . Now don't disappoint me and chose your words carefully. You may speak.	I'll have it for Mr Harry in a few days. I have been busy, and I am nearly there
AnaMaria, trim the mainsail!	Aye, aye, sir
Even assuming you're correct, Mr. Spock, why would they fire on their own President?	I want this ship searched from bow to stern. Lieutenant Saavik, you are in charge. Start with the transporter room and work your way outwards..
And you'll join me in a sambucca?	Thank you
That's always a good idea! Would you like some money? I have a great deal of it.	No. I don't need money anymore -- I see that now
I'd like to think.	Well, think it then, because it's true! We'll crucify that mob. We're going to keep Williams under cover till morning so the Post can break the story exclusive. Then we'll let the Governor in on the capture -- share the glory with him
Can I have another one?	I guess it wouldn't hurt
What is it?  Is something wrong, Doctor?	Listen!  Don't you hear that strange music
Well, we'll let that one go.  Now -- how many battalions you got?	We gotta two battalions and one Frenchman
Much anger in him, like in his father.	We've discussed this before
Jim Rockford. ROCKFORD FILES.	For real
...are followin' him around.	Prob'ly the rain boys from Outer Space
What are you talking about?	Someone put a bullet in my mailbox
Please, I've got to find Jill.	Sam, I think I ought to tell you ... I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavilion
Well, all those guys in the bleachers think—	Never mind those guys. All right, stand up. Now let's see what you look like when you protest
See, now you've annoyed her.  You know she doesn't like you to touch me.  Does she, widdle wee fing!  Wuhve you so much!  Did you feed her?	Yes, I fed her.  If she says she's hungry, she's lying to you.  Again
Then, what's gone wrong?  Why did it happen?	If ye want more tricks, I'm your man, but for big questions ye must go elsewhere
Go on... I want to hear everything.	Congress is talking -- openly -- about replacing you with Lee
You want to hustle me. I don't want to be hustled. It's as simple as that. Now that I've communicated, why don't you leave?	I own the place
Okay, fellows.	Take it easy, John Doe
Noooooo!	You--you gotta get us out of here
If this war is about more than Thomas, it's about more than Anne, as well.  Stay the course.	As you did at Fort Wilderness
Sometimes you can't learn everything from a screen..sometimes it's better to ask someone who has experience..	What is... Make Love
Maybe not.  But you know more than I do. You know something about this box. Something about a statue?	Yeah.  I found it.  I knew held like it and I figured ..
Well, don't worry about your fiancee.  We'll watch over her.	She can take care of herself. She doesn't need you
How tired you are!	Yes -- tired..
Now, as soon as you've done that, double- up on all base security teams.  Our enemies are plenty smart, and there might even be an attack on the base by saboteurs.	Yes, sir
Please.	Why did you have to come to Casablanca? There are other places
Yes, Bill.	How about giving a guy a break
What did you do with your dog?	Kurt's been feeding him
It doesn't stop, Nick.  I paid the bill, I gave 'em their money, but it all started again.  They won't leave me alone...	What have they been doing to you
I see. I'll get together four patrols of our detectives for action tonight.	I'll teach these podunks what happens when they challenge the righteousness of progress
That's where Valentine's scarpered.	How do you know
Ellie—	Oh, hello, Dad
Victoria -	What? Did you let that child play with one of my toys? I don't like children playing with my toys.  Have to fix you up with another hammer, won't we. Give her a saucepan to play with, that'll do
No, I don't want to because they yell. And I've got news for you too.	Then I'll get you in the fields tomorrow ..
...I began trying to find ways of controlling the effects of the weapon that we tested on Horn Island.	And let me guess.  You failed
No.  They say his eligibility ran out years ago.	Look, he doesn't have any money... but I'll give you everything I've got.  I have a few hundred dollars
I like to laugh, Fred.	That's why I married you
Go back. I'm going to kill him.	You do that and you'll have murdered your father
That is not an acceptable option. If people get hurt, all the support we have in the Federation...	Federation support, Federation procedures, Federation rules... look in the mirror, Admiral... the Federation is old... in the last twenty four months, it's been challenged by every major power in the quadrant -- the Borg, the Cardassians, the Dominion... they all smell the scent of death on the Federation. That's why you've embraced our offer... because it will give your dear Federation new life. Well, how badly do you want it, Admiral? Because there are hard choices to be made now. If the Enterprise gets through with news about their brave Captain's valiant struggle on behalf of the defenseless Ba'ku, your Federation politicians will waver, your Federation opinion polls will open a public debate, your Federation allies will want their say... need I go on
Go to hell!	It's more than what you're worth
How should I take it?	Impersonally
...-ple.	Is that why you're here?  To blame..
Mom's orders.	Lawyer here
We're going to have to start the sequence again if you don't stay with me, Deckard.  Concentrate.	How do you know I'm not
Actually, that's not gonna be necessary.	What
No...  You want me to give him a message?	You should think about leaving, too, man.  Sell this place... Something's going on here.  I don't know.  Something real weird
Well ... Come what may... Merry Christmas, Mr. Wayne.	"Right.  Sure.  And ""Peace on earth, good will toward men."
You don't know the first thing about being someone's friend --	I don't want to be just your friend -
Hey, Violet!  Hey, listen –– that's Violet Bick!	I know. I know
"I'm not paying this back.  I consider it ""asshole tax."""	Yes, fine.  Just, get on.  Stay away a couple of weeks, at least
Last night in this very restaurant Mr. Jason Hoag paid a very pretty compliment to my right ear.	Who the devil is he
Last night. Do you know something?	What was her name
Like her mother.	Ah, beautiful.  I just can't see her leaving multiple grooms in the dust like that
I was here!	...it's not in the file... I swear... I know your file... your first job was Geneva!... I swear to God you never worked here!..
I bring a message from Garcia.	Yeah
No, not at all.	Well she must've packed on a few pounds over the years
Didn't have you pegged for a Gigglepuss fan.  Aren't they a little too pre-teen belly-button ring for you?	Fan of a fan.  You see a couple of minors come in
You don't like jam. You hate jam. You never eat jam.	That's not the point
How 'bout me what?	How 'bout you go to the movies with me tonight
Except that there's no bed, is there? And no breakfast either.	The material world is an illusion. It doesn't matter if they're there or not. The world is in my head
"Well you could say: ""Dennis"""	I didn't know you were called Dennis
Determine extent of damage, immediately.	After torpedo room:  Report
A gun? Yes.	What caliber is your gun
Hello.	Hi
She's in trouble?	Yes.  Do you find there's something strange about this meat
I told you last night--this can be the start of patching things up with your folks. If something good doesn't come of Gage's death, I think I'll go crazy.	Louis, are you sure
A what?	You heard me. A bird in a gilded cage
Has anyone offered you anything to eat?	Actually, someone did. I just didn't think I could eat anything
Well, what about me?	Oh, well
Good luck with yours, Kit.	I thought your play was for Burbage
I don't know... but I think he's pissed.	Great. Now there's _two_ serial killers on the loose
In Calcutta it's like civil war. The Muslims rose and there was a bloodbath, and now the Hindus are taking revenge -- and if we can't stop it there'll be no hope for the Hindus left in Pakistan.	...an eye for an eye making the whole world blind
Hey, cool tiger. Looks proud.	Yeah, I swiped it from Ms. Rancick
They always pick Rachel up early on Thursday.	I got what I fucking deserved.  I had it all.  I could've kept going
Two minutes, Dudley.  It's important.	Lucky for you that my wife and four fair daughters are at the beach in Santa Barbara
Tell them I'm keeping what's left. I earned it.  I probably killed some poor bastard for it.	He seems to think he's entitled to it all
I have this effect on lots of women.	I bet you do
I couldn't save them.	Well, we'd be dead without you. You know that, don't you
Sometimes when he looks at me in that strange way, I'm afraid of him.	Don't let it trouble you. He's an old man and these last few days have been a terrible strain on him. He won't harm you
You see someone you like, you get a feeling about them, you ask them if they want to have a drink or --	-- a slice of pizza -
I don't see why not.	Because it's illegal
Thinking with your dick again, Delongpre?	Maybe we should go with them. Like you said, your Space Lab connections can deal with this thing. At least we'll be safe
But I...	I don't know nothing, man
Haven? Hell,' we've been playing poker together since we were fourteen.	I guess that's why he thought you right want to help out
Any other vices?	All of a piece, really. A fanatical weatherman. Chairman of BROLLY.  British Royal Organisation For Lasting Liquid Years. Thinks British weather has been tampered with by ... aliens
Yeah.	Where's Riccardo
What?	Adrenaline's wearing off.  You get shaky after.  It's not uncommon.  Deep breathing helps
Pardon?	I said--shall we get started *now* or-
I told you. If we... you know do it, they go away until ... we're done.	I know, but even if they go away, everybody in America knows what we're doing because... they went away
I got married because Betsy said we had to break up or get married.  So we get married.	But when you met her, did you believe she was the only person for you? That in some mystical, cosmic way, it was fated
And what about your own hand?	No problem.  A pair of deuces?  Less? So what?  I bluff.  It used to tear me apart when I'd get one of my men killed, but what was I supposed to do?  Break down in front of the ones who were standing there waiting for me to tell them what to do?  Of course not, so I bluffed, and after a while, I started to fall for my own bluff. It was great, it made everything so much easier.  Sarge Is that why your hand's been shaking
What do you think it's like?	What
Lowell.	These people are putting our whole reason for doing what we do... on the line
I missed that one. Or, hey, you know who else? Morgan Freeman. You know Morgan?	Yeah, Morgan Freeman. But he's a colored guy
Dream on, blue eye.	Say goodnight, Carjack
How much do you want for him?	I wasn't thinking of selling him, but if you want ... I'll leave it to you
Yes and you don't have to be sarcastic about it, that's a beautiful thing he's doing -- some people do more than go to the beauty parlor and shop at Saks --	Lester, you're a miserable man. You're not helping anybody. You're just twisting arms to raise money for a lot of silly son of a bitches that are out for themselves -- this is just business, don't kid yourself. And you know the worst thing about it, even if it does somebody some good somewhere which I can't possibly imagine, you'll never know the difference. You're just sweating and kidding yourself - and you're kidding yourself if you think your new business partner is going to keep his hands off that girl -- or that she'll keep her hands off him
How are things in Moscow?	Very good. The last mass trials were a great success. There are going to be fewer but better Russians
Bela, I don't know what I'm doin' anymore...	Stop worrying.  This is going to raise your spirits
You're just talking nonsense.	Let us put it to the test. Protect yourself with every scientific precaution you can think of. I'll go out on the cliff and build a votive fire to Hermes -- not that I believe in him any more than I do in Science
Mph rmph rm rmph rmph rm!	Oh, you want out of hell, huh
We're the shit.  Bigtime.	They aren't exactly gonna publicize this,  Arlo
Archibald Dobbs; Certified Public Accountant.  But, that's all we got.	Maybe it's enough
It washes off. I tell them we're doing it the same way as before. They'll follow Sheronda. I hate the idea of leaving her for a fall.	She won't have no problems 'cause she don't know nothin'
Shall we move closer to the fire?	Yes -- an excellent idea
Where are you?	A little place in Los Olivos. New owners. Cozy ambiance. Excellent food too -- you should try it. Thought of you at the Hitching Post last night
That fellow got on at Baskul.	What's he doing? Where's he taking us? He may be a maniac for all we know
Since when do sprawl doctors know more about nerve rehab than the Japanese?	Since Armitage sold them a program on it. Put them years ahead of the competition
I've never been in an apartment above a store.  You always pass them on the street but you never think anyone really lives in them.	Can I get you anything...coffee... tea...a little tequilla
Am I happy?  I don't know.  Happy As the next man, I guess.  I don't Laugh all day long like an idiot, If that's what you mean.	You're a little touchy about it
Mr. Deeds - Mr. Deeds, sir - you really must get up. It's late!	You're Walter, aren't you
I'm going.	Quiet, or I'll sew up your mouth too
Come on. Booth grabs the bag --	Do you have everything
Don't you think you're overreacting?	Yes. The famous James Bond. I've heard all about you, sir. You were under direct orders to act as an observer - and yet you had to go off, on your own, like some half-assed CIA cowboy -  Endangering the gold, attracting that lunatic woman, and then putting in a distress call for us to save your bloody hide
No. You know what? You guys go ahead and bring back something here. Yeah.	Why don't you come with us, man? I mean, I want to hear about those songs you've been working on. You too, Buff
You're kidding.	Unfortunately, no
He's asleep.	Always
I thought only the best students were made assistants.	Well? And are you not a good student
What did I do?	You ruined my life
Paul, give me your Amex card. Good boy. Bateman slaps the card down, looks at the check.	Two-hundred-and-fifty. Very reasonable. Let's leave a big tip, shall we? My place hr a nightcap
No, no! Just with her hands.	You have a gift, Jack. You do. You see people
Where the hell do you come off hitting women?	What are you talking about
Hi.	What do you want, Stan
That was you?!	You recognized my style.  See, you're very good.  You're a natural at this
The blond...GRUNER. A killer.	Killer
I just started!	You can come back later
Because it's in English?	Yeah, but it's not just that. To the Czech mind, any movement, whether political or literary should be underground. If it isn't, then it's not radical and not worthy of a look-in
When would Agnes have conceived the child?	Oh, some time in January
Well, one way or the other, Kent State is not good.  We have to get out in front of this thing.  The PR is going to murder us.	Money.  Follow the money
No, I left everything in Paris. I just happened to be wearing this.	Tell me... what else did you have
See, I wouldn't think that about you.	Why wouldn't you think that about me
I've noticed it, too. I'll cough up the money, Ellen.	I hate that smell
Well, in that hit you miss: she'll not be hit With Cupid's arrow; Nor bide the encounter of assailing eyes, Nor open her lap to saint-seducing gold:	Then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste
Oh, Laura.	"""Oh, Laura..."
I didn't say I didn't enjoy it.	Of course. Sorry. I'm such a fucking asshole
Go on talkin'. You're talkin' yourself right into the river. Go on, go on... .	I'm glad what I done today, see? You give it to Joey, you give it to Nolan, you give it to Charley who was one of your own. You thought you was God Almighty instead of a cheap— conniving—good-for-nothing bum! So I'm glad what I done— you hear me? —glad what I done
I'll drive you, darlin'. You've got no business behind the wheel of an automobile. You don't think about what you're doing and you'll run into a telephone pole.	I think about what I'm doing all the time, and I've got as much business behind the wheel of an automobile as anybody. Besides, I want you to stay and help Rose with the dishes, the poor girl isn't feeling well
Hey, you two! What's going on?	I was sitting there
I got fired.	... That's funny... I had this job with Enzo... we got fired too
That's what it was you planned, wasn't it?	Yes, of course
What made it grow?  Do you know?	Yes
I realize.  Maybe you could... tell me a little about yourself.	Like what... my favorite color... 
Well, I'll do one thing for you that might cheer you up.	Get out
This is supposed to be salvation?  What kind of idiocy are we dealing with here?	"I'm calling it my ""contraption""- we're going to surround it with a boma- a fence, to you- and we're going to leave a small opening opposite that door"
I see you have your Luca Brasi.	I'll need him
Hey, you know. I was thinking...	Night
"""…thou need'st not to be gone."""	"""I have more care to stay than will to go. Come death, and welcome. Juliet wills it so. How is't my soul? Let's talk. It is not day."
Yes, my dear?	Someone names A Lot of Warts on line two
Go away!	It's okay!  It's okay!  It's a brachiosaur
There's a lot of business to be done with the Manchester Cotton Company. They've the whole English market right in their hands. Have you any connections with -- Manchester?	We have a good many connections in England, naturally
I was fifteen -- we used to go there to smoke. His name was George -- he threw me over for a drum majorette.	Gin
Oh I bet he is.	Here I'll show you
"I know. Don't tell me. It was a wonderful party. Your suit went over big. And she looked beautiful, and she gave her hand when you left her-- and said--""Thank you, Mr. Smith."" Oh, but it was the way she *said* it. You like to fell through the floor--Horseradish!"	Saunders--
Shit, any nigger say he don't eat pussy is lyin' his ass off.	I heard that
I'll help her, I promise, but I think you should tell me where the Stones are!	Do you love her
Knock it off. You're not mad.	No
It's not that simple.	Maybe not. But you're not telling me everything, are you
Well, it's the only way I can be satisfied. If I use my right -- tch -- over too quickly.	Oh, have it your way
St. Michael's.	She works at a church
Your kidding me. What is it a big party or something?	Just five or six people
He's manic, Norman.  You know that? This reliance on Harry is misplaced. You hear me?  Totally misplaced.  He's overlooking things.  Obvious things.	Like what
You're the one who said not to change anything. She's my ear to the investigation.	Is that all
Glad you could put in an appearance.	I got two minutes
Where are we going?  You know I hate surprises.	A little business move I made.  On my own.  I think you're gonna approve
Now Nick, what's that got to do with it?	Got a nice evening dress
Our Lady of Misery.	Did you see my father
The cells in our bodies are always changing. In six or seven years all your cells have changed. You could be like a completely new person from the inside out.	That what's happening to you, only faster
I had to see you.	What's up
You broke last time.	Let him break - he likes to break
Somebody get her a mike? Can we manage that?  And a spotlight.  What's your name?	Penny.  I'd rather not reveal my last name or my age
"""Ray!"""	"""Fucked me."
Oh yeah, I forgot about her. She was pretty hot.	Fuck yeah, she is. I'd join a cult to get some of that... and the best part is she didn't try to kill the President or nothing, so that baggage ain't hanging around
Shut up.  I'm only trying to explain.	I mean, maybe you're right.  But were you really expecting me to say yes
What!	Joe--*you* know what I'm talking about. The perfect man. Never in politics in his life. Wouldn't find out what it's all about in two *years*, lets alone two months. But the important thing--and this was the genius of the stroke--*it means votes*
Doesn't bother me.	Well, have you ever considered tar Macadam? People think it's just for public works and commercial purposes, roads, parking lots, so forth..
You know what they make this stuff out of?	Yes, I know what they make it out of, so what?  It's food now.  <u>You're</u> eating it
American literature. What else?	What else. Of course, what else? And what are you writing about for your thesis
Water?	One drink minimum per show. Everything's ten dollars. Now... tell me what you want or I'll eighty- six you
A football game?	Special Services in Tokyo are all for it. They say it's one of the main gimmicks we have to keep the American way of life going here in Asia
Yes, Mister Harding?	Yes, thank you, Miss Ratched. Since our last meeting I have been reflecting, quite seriously, on the nature of my problem. Naturally, I'm referring to the capacity to obtain the necessary results in order to obtain... No, no. To personify the very existence of that relationship regardless of the function...  Regardless of the function, we will confront the question of... Yes. Yes. The question of... Existence... Relationship... Function... Confront... Yes, confronting us in the moment of deepest crisis... Yes, the crisis of our souls. Of our souls, which I am trying to fully understand the problem... the problem. Not to shut ourselves off, but somehow... Somehow to understand fully our capacity... to obtain... to personify... the question... existence depends... depends on the question... to reflect... to reflect..
And you weren't there, when the coroner examined the wound.	Nossir.  I'd gone to tell the wid... to tell Mrs. Heine
"Now when I say ""understand"" I want the whole group to say, ""Yes, sir!"" Understand?"	Yes, sir
Lloyd, honey, just come home, okay?	I'll be home soon
You quittin', friend?	Yeah, I'm quittin'
How's David?	How's David? How's David? He's terrific, Carl
Enough about me.	Evie has a little something for you
Hey, Ram ... what were you ... you know, before?	Oh, I was an actuarial program... worked at a big insurance company. It really gives you a great feeling, helping folks plan for their future needs -- and of course, if you look at the payments as an annuity, over the years, the cost is reall
You smell that.  You smell that?	What
Shut up, Kevin.	NO, seriously - I know he's your boyfriend, but there's something about his upper lip that is so weird.  What do you think it is, Dad?  Jen says it's a moustache, I say it's a cluster of about 11 mosquitoes, resting
Oh no, I couldn't.	It's for you, John. It's all for you. Go ahead, let them see you
Good.  In that case, I'll fix us something else to drink.  You sticking to the whiskey or you want coffee?	Whiskey
Right.  We have the same blood type...	- Type O
Please...	Thank you
"""No"" you're not sure or ""No"" I'm not fat?"	"Uh, ""no""... You're not fat"
Make up your mind, kid, I beg you, before we get to four thirty-seven River... .	Four thirty-seven— that isn't where Gerry G...
All of your children are delinquent, Mrs. Little, and one, at least, Malcolm is a thief.	Get out
And if you had lived my life you would understand that there is a great respons- ibility in representing the Federation. I can't let my personal feelings unduly influence my decisions.	All I have is my personal feelings.  I wasn't raised with the ideals of the Federation. But I'm trying to understand them now. To live up to them. To live up to you
Seven if you count the on-and-off years. Which I do.	Right. Seven.  Christ, that’s a long time, isn’t it
Wait a minute.  Just listen to me--	You thought you'd come in here in the middle of the night and wham! Wail off and clock old Jake McKenna and turn his brains into wall paper
I still ask, why do they want disarmament?	Well, for the same reasons we do, sir. Don't you see
But I'm a quick study. Tell your Deputy D.A. -- Rabin? -- that I'll see him in court.	No, Mr. Dowd, you'll see me in court. I'm prosecuting this case
... they smelled the blood on me this time, Al.  I got soft.  You know ... that rusty, metallic smell ...	I know it well, sir
You did. But Ned Alleyn and the Admiral's Men have the playing of it as the Rose.	Treachery
What's the matter? Wouldn't the old meanies wait for you?  Say, how old are you anyway? Don't you know these busses work on a schedule? You need a guardian.	What are you excited about? You missed the bus, too
What do you mean?  Didn't you come back here for it?	I don't know it was stolen until I got here
He always has to make the big entrance.	"By Grabthar's Hammer, this is true. 159	NT. LIVING ROOM - SOMEWHERE - NIGHT	15"
CARL??? Carl did this?!!	Last night... he tried to get it on with me
Yeah?	Listen!  Hear that
What-what? Where you been the last four five years? Outer space?	When Mother died Pop sent me out to school in the country. He was afraid with no one home I'd— get into bad company
You pitch, baby; I'll ketch.	The first men on earth were black. They ruled and there was not one white face anywhere. But they teach us that we lived in caves and swung from trees. Black men were never like that
Oh, just that he loves her. That she's the only woman who has ever really rocked his world. How he adores Siena. How he wants to move up here and get a place with the two of them and commute when he has to.	I'm sure he believed every word
Sure. I'll try. And we'll talk in the morning?	We'll talk in the morning
Call me a cocksucker and you're outta here!	Beg me again
I tagged the goddamned stocking. It ain't lost.  We're sequestering that evidence.  That's the trap some son of a bitch is going to fall into...	Am I in charge of this thing?  Or not
Don't tell me the bed has lost its best friend.	I just couldn't sleep. I got up and went back... and then got up again. These last few days... whew
Wel-l-l, it seems he has a secretary.	Oh.  I'll do my own typing
Boy, beautiful day, hey, Thomas?	Sure, great if you ain't married
What?	Coming in this week, week after. Everybody going to get well
To ski?	"OTIS, your brain defies any known scientific laws in its infinite capacity to deteriorate. Every man has a vulnerable point. Some like you Otis, have more that one. I didn't see Superman's in time. But now through patience, invention and skill, my 	black box is just about ready"
What do you mean -- sex equality?	You know ...  What's good for the goose is good for the gander
It happens, Larry. People make mistakes.	I didn't make a mistake. Every vote was there when you sac dow
Sorry. My figures work out exactly the same as Jim's. 256 for Paul, 255 for Tracy.	"And 290 ""disregards,"" right"
Rae don't do this now...	It's stupid... It's so fucking stupid
Yes. I'll give you that!	Give me a break, I'm asking you out
Thank you.	Please accept my apology for not having done so sooner
Came outta where?	The fitting room. It went down exactly the way it was supposed to
My friend, you always surprise me.	We wear so many goddam masks after a while they get stuck to our faces, you know? And they don't come off. But when you find the one person who really knows you, and then you lose her..
Stop now.	Why? I'm paying for this
Had. She died in a car accident last year. She was decapitated.	God, that's awful
Five thousand.	Hey
Who is this imbecile? Where is he?	I wish I knew. --  Oh, God
Bet your ass I have. It's an important job, Neighborhood Watch is.	Neighborhood Watch? Is that what you call listening in on stranger's phone conversations
Can you believe the songs they been playin'?	"No, I can't. You know what I heard the other day? ""Heartbeat-It's Lovebeat,"" by little Tony DeFranco and the DeFranco Family. I haven't heard that since I was in fifth fuckin' grade"
Yes -- Jane McKenna's book -- I could make a phone call.	No, you're frightened, you're pretending. Well -- Klute knows about me then. Does everybody know, can you tell me
Dammit, Boy! Is that all you got to say? More gobbledegook?  That Old Man's layin' up there dead as hell and it just don't make any difference to you!	Yes, Louise. I have seen it often. It happens to old people
Put it away, Will.  It's not worth getting beat again.	You didn't beat me.  You ignored the rule of engagement.  In a fair fight, I'd kill you
Oh God, Jezzie, ask me tomorrow.	It is tomorrow. Four A.M. How come you're so late
Exactly. And once you'd killed him you'd be lost. Like me.  All this has to be a choice. Otherwise...it's a curse.	Bruce, you can't
I know.	Fine.  I'll do the shopping
She ain't crazy. She love those children. She was trying to outhurt the hurter's all.	Leave off.
He can't fire me. LaRiviere already did that this morning.	He's a Selectman. The town. He said to tell you to turn your badge in and clean out your office. I'm supposed to pull the CB and police light out of your car. They're town property
I know, gentlemen, but it is in the hands of the Court. We're helpless, aren't we?	Yes. It is unfortunate
It's not your fault, Daniel.	No
I have.	You carry a piece? You need one
Well, you look about like the kind of an angel I'd get. Sort of a fallen angel, aren't you? What happened to your wings?	I haven't won my wings yet. That's why I'm an angel Second Class
You are?	Yeah
How could anyone get through this, carry Blain out, right under our noses without leavin' a trace?	He knows our defenses
Of course it is.  Any favourite among the 22?	Working with Leonardo
You mean the little chippie he was with at the El Macando?	Yes. She's disappeared, hasn't she
No, no... not exactly... she just doesn't understand how I would know somebody like you...	"What does she mean by that - ""somebody like me"""
Earl... it's me, Valiant.	Eddie?  Jesus, what happened
Holy shit. Get me back to Manhattan.	Take us right to Kennedy. Now
Why are you lying?	We're getting you out of here, aren't we
Tell me about the interesting people you met, won't you?	They are... sinister.  They want to kill me
Yeah I get bored.	I start thinking about what I'm gonna eat afterwards
Well, I just thought--oh, look at me. You'd think I'd never had a house guest before. Would you like something to drink?	Sure
How? She's even forgot her own language!	Debbie, you're comin' with us! Hear me
Aw, forget it.	Oh, it's wonderful
Because you're coming home. I'm gonna put this place back the way it was.	No you're not
Yeah -- that's what we've always thought -- but what if he wasn't?  What if I had nothing to do with the reason he came here?	You're losing me
I saw Bobby this morning before he went to school--	Yes--
You were at 4000 Kelvin. Any hotter, you're approaching supernova --	Sweet
<u>What</u> is this, a whorehouse, or are you my <u>wife</u>?	You've gone off to America, on your <u>Vacation</u>..
Ho Ho, Capital Punks!	Signior Romeo, bon jour! there's a French salutation to your French slop. You gave us the counterfeit fairly last night
I want to say something first.	Jesus Christ
"So, the guy goes to Hell and the devil says, ""do you smoke?"" The guy say, ""yeah""... the devil say, ""great cause Tuesday is cigar night, sweetest Cuban cigars you ever had."""	Shit, we really need to find some gas
Are you wearing a coconut bra?	Oh, you're good
You are seriously deranged.	Maybe. But why are we going up instead of down
Fine.  You know Dr. Schwartz retired last month?	No kidd'n, he musta been pushing 90
For what?	Not believing you
That about right?	Perfect.  Thank you, Major.  And now let's drink a toast
Now that shit will help you SOLVE the case.	Whatever that meant, I'm sure it's real helpful Ice-T
The time came, you shot him.  But you didn't shoot Foley or the guy with him.  They're unarmed, you had a shotgun and you let them throw you in the trunk. Okay, now you got your Sig in your hand.  You say in the report you couldn't turn around, he had you pinned down.  But when the trunk opened, how come you didn't cap the two guys then?	Is that what you would've done
Hello, Mulvaney here...	Sal, get 'em in the vault
What do you want?	See how easy it is? Perhaps Miss Mayfield left her door unlocked. Or if she didn't, there's a passkey on every floor in the linen room. The head porter has a passkey. The bell captain has a passkey. The hotel's full of passkeys
I'm a dermatologist.  I can't write orders on the psych ward.	Sherman, I've done lots of favors for you
You're with me to be close to her?	Is that a problem
Paracelsus?	Or Albertus Magnus. Cornelius Agrippa..
Hey!	What
I have to admit, I am so totally turned on. We should do it. Now.	Do it
Look, why do you care, huh?	Because maybe if we know each other's names, things wouldn't get like this, My name's Jeff
I spent my whole life waiting for a creep.	Yup
Right.	God, I haven't seen you since the wedding
Yeah, but I like the sun.  I grew up on a reservation.  The sun, the desert; they like a religion to us.  Jake's the same way.  He loves the desert.  I guess we're alike that way.  That's about the only way.	You love him
Thank you, Thomas.	For what
There is no Boom-Boom Room.	When there is, you can forget about it. And I swear to God, you ever talk about my daddy again I'm gonna kick your bank-telling, loan-denying ass, you got me
How clover you are, Mr. Albrecht, to see all that in our simple Thea... She is quite pretty, isn't she?	This was the temple of Hades --the God of the Dead. It contained no images -- just empty space and walls of perfect symmetry
You didn't tell me.	There hasn't been a lot of time
Yes. Why do you think you woke and they didn't?	I don't know. Maybe I'm a light sleeper
Jesus Christ, fine. Alright?	See? Now everyone's got one on.  What do you got there
Since Nancy died.	I'm sorry, that damn conference-
But be serious, darling. You are in danger and you must leave Paris.	No, no, no, no. We must leave
Isn't it great to be away from it all? Aren't you happy? It seems too good to be true.	Sure, Sis
Why it's you two. How'd ya do in Vegas?	Uh, we didn't score yet
You wouldn't be going in with the troops.  I can guarantee your safety.	These Colonial Marines are some tough hombres, and they're packing state-of-the-art firepower. Nothing they can't handle...right, Lieutenant
How do I square the accident?	It happened in Australasia.  He checked in yesterday.  No family complications, no record he ever broke his neck.  As far as anybody's concerned, he's still a walking, talking, fully-productive member of society. You just have to get him off the pipe and fill in the last two years of his life.  Excuse me, <i>your</i> life
Yeah, wasn't I?	But you're not out of the woods yet, Baxter -- because most of them try it again!  You know where I am if you need me
Not for me ..	What d'you mean, I just opened it for you? This is <u>French</u> champagne
Oh come <u>on</u>. Lots of people drink Perrier. It's come a long way.	This is Ohio. If you don't have a brewsky in your hand after dark you might as well be wearing a dress
Keep reading...	Hey, it's the will.  I, Marvin Acme, of sound mind and body, hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo, do hereby bequeath in perpetuity the property known as Toontown to those loveable characters..
What's your name, Giant?	Karl
Rave parties?!  That's so typical - you would think it was called rage.  Perfect!	What else don't I know about, Joe?  Let's get really clear here
Madam, in happy time what day is that?	Marry my child next Thursday Morn. The gallant, young and noble gentleman, Sir Paris, at Saint Peter's Church, shall make thee there a joyful bride
That time you sent me up last ... I learned book-keeping at Sing Sing.  I figured it might be an in for me somewhere's.	Somewhere's where they might go out and leave the safe open
So?	So maybe it's time we took a vacation from each other
We have to try and draw it off!	How
Never?	Never
Kelly.  What is it?	I miss Dad
Thank you.	I have to talk to you
We could introduce them. They might hit it off.	You're serious. You want to date again
I want you to stay, okay? I goddam invited you, didn't I?	Well, I hope you know what you're in for. I'm a very dangerous person. Someone does me bad like you. If I caught up with you that night, there'd be one dead Ratso long about now. Hear
Fast and or furious.	But real. This is gritty. Like Cassavetes
You can't.	Mind if I try
No, I think it was always you.  It's very strange.	You're flushed.  And you were moaning. I think you're running a fever.  What are you doing
Ex-girlfriend?	Be right back
Don't give me any of your shit!  Okay, this has always been a dream, but we're going.	Lester - he called you here
All right, what do we know?	Let me lay a little theory on you-
This is my house. Nobody's kicking me out of my house. I picked those drapes.	I don't think anybody wants the drapes, Stacy, I think the drapes are okay
Look... I... I'm sorry.  I don't want to be any part of this.	Suit yourself.  There are plenty of others who will
Too bad. The men've always wanted to get a look at the President.  But you've come out here to settle the strike?	Well, if that's possible ..
Oh, I thought I saw you.	You know, I did come home, come to think of it, on Thursday. I had a severe headache and I was driving in the neighborhood so I just darted in and out of the house.  Where were you, Laura? I didn't see you
Did you sleep well?	Yes, fairly well. But I went to bed last night planning to do some thinking about a number of things ... instead, I fell asleep
Just your age.	Which is what
I am also liaison between these two.	Clearly you don't agree about building the railroad
You are the one who's good-hearted.  As for Rose, let's hope for the best.	Be kind to her. She loves you so much.  In a perfectly proper way, of course
Don't be funny.	You want your tennis stuff
Hmm.	What do you think he meant, this particular incident? Were there others? How would we find out? You know anyone important
You're something else, Dil, you know that?	Never said a truer word
Damnit...	What
A man is going to die if he doesn't have my fair young body?	Precisely, Maria. Tonight you have the same privilege that comes on rare occasions to the chief executive of some state or nation... the privilege of restoring life, by one tender act of mercy, to a doomed fellow creature
We can't do our job unless he does his job.	Why don't we just do his job then, so we can do our job, and get the fuck out of here
Cause of the chromium.	The what
Interview over, Blattis ...	C'mon, Chief, if it's sensitive, tell me .. I'm not taking notes .
It's not exactly what I'd call a large turn-out.	Didn't Charles have any friends
Would you follow <U>her</U> through an airport?	Look, I met somebody.  She's good, and capable and smart. We hit it off.  We can't spend your life chasing after fantasies
What job?	I don't remember... Anyway, Andy's okay..
Stop your investigation... it was a magnificent effort but it's over and done with.  The press is already on your behind and that's only the beginning, my boy, only the beginning.	How long do you think it would take me to be appointed
Expensive dresses.  A heart necklace.	Yes
What way?	Like there's someone else here
Is that good?	Very good
Has anyone ever broken in to where the babies are?	Not in my time..
I'm Lisa. Oh, you have a guitar!	I thought maybe you'd like to hear a song
I hate to do dishes.	Hey, come on. I gotta meet somebody
Okay, why did I just send my family to Atlanta?	Remember I told you that the signal hidden within our satellite signal is slowly recycling down to extinction
Of course. NO ONE EVER SHUTS UP IN THE LIBARY. Kids were whispering about it all day.	Don't you think it's sick
A penny for your thoughts, mon cheri.	I don't know. Something's missing
Well, you got a lot of games lined up for me?	Yeah, we're gonna make a lotta money together, from now on
I'm not stitching Nikes in Panama! ... Bedwetter!	Thumbsucker
This one's got you working overtime, hasn't it?	I flat don't like the guy, Glory.  He's dirty.  And I'll tell you something else.  You want to know how old man Lombardo lost his money?  He was fucked out of it by old man Van Ryan, on a little item known as the Salt Creek Land Deal.  It was after the war.  Van Ryan set up a corporation to develop swamp land, got investors like Lombardo to put up money, then turned around and got the state to declare the area an ecological preserve, on the sly, of course, but everyone knew it was him.  The freeway went to the coast, right where Van Ryan wanted it
I can't go anywhere, Diego.  I'm on parole.  I can't leave the state.	But you must.  It's the only way
No, I know. I'm just saying. I feel fine. You want a piece of cake?	Sure
I want to say something.	I don't want to hear it
What?	The press is everywhere outside. They're going nuts for these guys. What do you want to do
Your director and your co-star of your current movie.  Don't dish if you can't take it, Sally.	Mac?  Mac says it?  Cal
You took that money from Julia's hand.	I didn't
Who are you?	The last of three brothers who swore an oath to find the Grail and to guard it
Damn! We gotta skedaddle!	I left my pomade in that car! Maybe I can creep up
A week or so. There's something I want to do here first.	What's that?  Okay. Surprise us..
We really think he should be king and wear a crown and everything.	They think I should - They think I should - They think I should - They think I should be king
It's not fair to you.  This whole --	Tell me -- let me help -
Get in. You’re leaving.	Wait
Take your time.	-- When I was in high school, the thing I wanted most, when I was stuck in class, the thing I was always desperately in pursuit of -- was a hall pass. That's all I wanted. I loved moving freely around the school while everybody else was trapped in there... And that's how I feel right now... Like I have some giant, all- day hall pass
He'll still be your son-in-law!	You see how much we have to say
This has not been my night. My clothes are in the wash, I spilled butter down the front of me, I got stuck in a window...	I'm glad you're here because I have something I want you to do. I want you to call up Ben Tramer and tell him you were just fooling around
Perfect.  How am I gonna get away from the party long enough to --	You could always say you have to go the bathroom
Yes.	But surely you know...
So what are you doing going over there? You're not her doctor.	I've gotta give her some pills. Percodan, she ran out
You couldn't.	You're saying, I don't understand?  I'm the <u>only</u> one who does understand.  I'm the one you lived with for two years, I'm the one you made promises to, I'm the one who spent too many nights looking up at these rocks and wondering if you were ever going to make it down in once piece or ever at all.  Believe me, there's been times I didn't know what I wanted to do more, love you or hate you.  But the one thing in our relationship that I did know and still do know is that I <u>understand you</u>
No.  He said that his father's unconscious; he didn't say he was dying.	Then I think we should wait.  Do you agree
It bought us some time.	And now we're all out of it
I feel very good in here.	Sure you do. This ward is air tight, I have a little extra oxygen pumped in, keeps my spirits up
The one she wore on her wedding day?	So I'm told
Too happy. That's why I discharged her.	Isn't that wonderful!  You see, madame-
I'm coming with you.	Yes . . 
If there's no -- what do you call it -- confidentiality between us? Why would I tell you anything?	Cause you want me to know what a slick guy you are. You got stewardesses bringing you fifty grand
Beauty, ain't he?	I asked where you got him
No trouble with the Hack Bureau?	No Sir
Yes. That's fine! Thank you very much. A thousand times over!	I might call to check up on her, you know... to see if she's better
I've got an idea, I'll hook up with you guys later.	Do you want us to come with you
Think about it!  They followed you every step of the way.  There was always a safety net.  The taxi, there was a diver.  At my house, the window was rigged... they shot at us with blanks...	That's not true..
Why don't you see Lester?	Your husband
It's right here.  This region; an-Nagaf. I got recon photos.  There're no troops there, no fighting--	You don't know where the Iraqis have moved to.  And our forces haven't even engaged the Republican Guard yet, we don't know-
Did he know?	Well I wouldn't run home and tell him whenever I went to bed with someone, if that's what you mean
I've got a better idea...	OK...where do you want to start
You have the photo from the diner?	At the field office
Right?	Uh-huh
No, I don't think you can <u>do</u> that, Stanley...	Watch me
This is your last chance.	No, Doctor Jones. It's yours
Long, thin and filtered.	Saint Ignatius would smoke cigars and stub them out on the soles of his bare feet.  And of cours
I had to be the ham! I had to shoot off my mouth!	Forget it. He'll be back here. They've got no proof
Yeah, we better.	I have a present for you. I didn't quite know what to get you -- anyway it's a little awkward for me, shopping --  -- so here's a hundred dollars -- go out and buy yourself something
I'm not stepping anywhere --	I appreciate your gentlemanliness, Bill, but what we need to do here is drive the dagger home -
My husband tells me you're in sharks.	I wouldn't put it that way. But I love sharks
I never thought Jack was ready for the presidency.  But I would never, never consider ...  His death was awful, an awful thing for this country.  Do you ever think of death, Mr. Helms?	Flowers are continual reminders of our mortality.  Do you appreciate flowers
Wars are not fought only by childless men.  A man must weigh his personal responsibilities against his principles.	That's what I'm doing.  I will not fight and because I won't, I will not cast a vote that will send others to fight in my stead
"""A people is a detour of nature to get 6 or 7 great men - Yes, and then to get around them..."" Nietzsche said that."	Is he still working here 
Shhh. Slow down, Bob. Drive natural.	This is natural
Replacement party.	Who's that
I don't know. Senior editor? Sounds like you're in to me.	It's a long shot, all right? And Conundrum is just a small specialty press anyway. I'm not getting my hopes up. I've stopped caring. That's it. I've stopped caring
I do not recollect, your majesty. Will that be all?	Yes, General Formica.  Carry on, my good man!  I don't know what we would do without you
That will not be necessary.  You can simply speak to me.  I understand most languages fluently.	Yeah but the ship's mainframe doesn't. I need you to tell it something
It is on.	...it is so on
I'm sorry about your arm.  Kabuo and I.  Are very sor...	The Japs did it
Caught me trying to be fancy! Yeah, that's it, Bart.	Well, that's a good question. Strange as it may seem, Charlie, I guess I write about people like you. The average working stiff. The common man
She's an alcoholic, for Christ's sake.	Oh, Jesus
As far a hot... goes I gotta go with... Ruth Ann Moorehouse.	Oh yeah, I forgot about her. She was pretty hot
If you hit me...	Yeah
Your... lover?	Miguel Alvarez. We've lived together for nine years
Great idea -- pointing a lousy dart gun at some nut with a high-powered hunting rifle.	Bastards took off, though, didn't they
Cause I can get a job.  I will.  And you can start leaving the kids with the chicken fat lady again.  Would that make you happy?	Keep your voice down
He's in his room, playing.	Good.  I'll see him in there
No, thanks!  I want to get right to sleep.	Well... I'll just finish unpacking
I know.	The police still have a lot of questions for Russell Nash
Nothing it's just...I begining to understand you.	Well...I think you should feel very proud. You did a real nice thing for somebody else. I'm very proud
You typed this report?	Yes, sir.  Anything wrong
Once upon a time there was a rich king...  ...and he had him a son and a daughter and they all lived in a castle over in Africa. Well, one day this King got taken away by bad men and before he got took off he told his son to kill anyone that tried to steal their gold, and before long these bad men come back and --	The Blue Men
Huh?! They dam that river on the 21st.  Today's the 17th!	Don't I know it
I know all about that. But I don't know how much to tell them.	Don't tell 'em anything. We're getting you Freddy Riedenschneider
Oh, yes.  I know about Mr. Rawlston.	He knows the first Mrs. Kane socially -  That's the answer we got
So what are you going to do with your share?	Oh, I don't care about the money
She's gonna live.  She didn't steal nothin', She didn't touch his poke.	No
...this is my picture... he's got my picture --  -- this is me -- this is Zurich -- this...this...this is yesterday --	-- just -
I ain't never going back to that school, sir.	You got to kid. Let me spell it out for you. This is a whorehouse. And I happen to like my life the way it is and nobody's gonna make me change
Could you just check, because the young man who works in my building--	Which one's your building
You must take your own life now, David, before it's too late.	Jack, are you really dead
Is that all?	For now that's all
"...I mean, Doc, the dude is seriously deluded. I said that to him, I said, ""If you think I'm gonna do all that shit for you, man, you are seriously deluded."""	What'd he say
There's... a wall between you --	-- an emotional wall, I know. That's why -
Well, it really wasn't a vacation. You see, I'm a teacher in the New York City school system, and I was attending a seminar on visual aids to education. Are you from L.A.?	No. I'm from Washington, D.C. I'm a lobbyist for the Small Businessmen's Assocation
I'm afraid.	It's brighter there... besides, we can't go back
Never mind the Who's Who--Before I get on this boat I want to know What's What! How about my raise? All I get out of these ocean trips is dizzy.	Don't blame it on the ocean!--All right, you'll get the raise
But I loved the second one she wore. And this one --  -- is beautiful.	They're none of them right
Sure.  No problem.	Thanks
I'm hungry, Mom....	Let me finish dinner before you eat it...Chop the peppers...
Look, Charlie, just be patient. I'll fix everything. You don't want that cat, anyway. It killed two people.	No, sir. That girl in the cemetery? My cat didn't kill that girl. I told you cats don't go around looking for trouble. If that cat's alive, it's out in the country hiding under a bush, starving to death
I had a salami sandwich, Mrs. Swicker.	If you were my son...why don't you let me fix you a nice hot bowl of soup, it won't take but a minute
Anything else?	What are we going to do about this
That crazy guy?	Yes. Joe
...-lem too?	No, sir.  I've never seen this guy before
This is a nice place.  It must have cost a pretty penny.	Sloan, I got it like 'dat
Uh-huh. Look bro, my battery is running out. Really wish I could chat, but I can't so, later.	Wait, wait. Don't hang up
So there were others?	Other clinics?  Oh sure.  Clinics, half-way houses, treatment centers, detox units..
You think I should hang around more with the crew?	"Well, I always heard you don't ""learn"" leadership, you earn it.  How did you know they'd get into the vodka"
Listen, I'll go in, create a distraction. have this...  may be able to hold them back long enough for the aliens to escape.	It's suicide
All right, that's enough.  You're just a child and wouldn't understand it, but that type of thing can stir a girl up. Now lie back and we'll talk.	That was very interesting. Thank you, Rose
Maybe you should see a psychiatrist.	Why
Rex won't be any different.  It'll come.	You're kidding yourself.  An adult T-rex cares about one thing -- filling its own belly.  It acts the way people wish they could, that's why everyone's fascinated by it.  If people had the chance to see one dinosaur and one only, ninety-nine percent would -
What are you thinking?	Of all the people who have been born... and have died... while the trees went on living
I'm so ashamed dad.	Don't say that, it's not good for you.  You're..
I'd rather sit. Are you ready?	Just a moment
We've got a situation here! Just do as  you're told!	Alright, relax. 20 minutes. Soon as we've passed Tara's rings we'll make the course correction
That's an evasion.	She grabbed herself a perfect running mate. King Westley! The pill of the century!  What she needs is a guy that'd take a sock at her every day—whether it's coming to her or not
I'm talking to you Red and I'm telling you no. Get back to your position.	Bob, I gotta bad feeling about this, I... I'm telling you I got a bad feeling, man, I don't think I'm gonna make it... y'know what I mean
I'd get down if I were you. They may be up there now.	No money, eh
You'd have been proud of her.	I'm sure
...Your granddad never asked me to sign on as deputy. I done that my own self. Loretta says you're quittin'.	Yes, you've circled round
The curtains. I made them myself.	They are lovely. Aren't they lovely, Birdie
You hired Jackson and Rudy., not me.	They may nail me into this now, McCoy
Sometimes it's worse to stay than it is to run.	But it takes a particularly low type of man to do it
It was a very emotional time for Buttercup --	I don't be-leeve this
You're a pig.	Why'd you hit me
Alright.  Thank you.	Yep
I know the owner of Campton Place.  I could talk to him in the morning.	Don't.  It was a shitty job anyway. I overreacted
What's he got that I haven't got?	Well, he has a straw hat-
Tie it to both ankles -- Leave two feet slack.	I never had good footwork
And I think they just came back from Masters and Johnson.	Yeah, intensive care ward.  My God-hey, Max, I think she's... I think she's giving me the eye
What are you doing here? I told you to stay hidden! It's not safe for you up here.	Well it's not safe for me up there either. The killer found me Dewey. He called me last night
Well, tell the asshole to shut up.	Right.  Hey, shut up. Okay, sir
What do you mean all of a sudden? You've been going with her six months.	"I know. I mean I'm sitting there and her father's asking me about my ""career prospects"" and I'm playing ""Risk,"" with her kid brother, Leon and at dinner the dog's sniffing at my balls -- at least I hope it was the dog. 'Cause her mother disappeared for a while"
I just wanted to thank you for taking me along.	Thank you for volunteering
The ritual to bring the body of Anck- su-namun back to life.	And how does one do that
Yes, it is a calamity for us all.	You work at the Hotel Diplomat
Came from Redfoot.	Right
When was the last time you saw Sal?	Oh, a long time.  Because I kept asking my husband where the heck could Junior be?  He wasn't around here.  I thought maybe he was in prison or some place
Really?	I was on the 'Dukes of Hazzard' set about eight years ago
-- talking to you...	I enjoyed talking to you
The charades.	Thank you
How?	Shhh. Wait for my instructions
Yeah.  What?	Can I tell you something?  Can I tell you a secret
"How can you deny it when you just said ""I'd rather die than fall into the hands of the English""...?"	That's now what I meant..
But now... they are all one with the Borg.	I am unlike any lifeform you have encountered before. As an android, I am in complete control of my neural net. The information contained there cannot be forcibly removed
Sue, I need some of that anger, rage, frustration --	I'm sure I can come up with something
That's my trick!	It's everyone's trick, Kevin.  But I did pick it up from you
No, it's...	I know you liked Ben. I had no right to..
I'm your program?	Right on the money
I'm just some big clown to you, ain't I?	That's not true -- Where are you--
I designed the ship's propulsion system. I am the only person capable of evaluating the performance of the gravity drive. You can't send a Search and Rescue team out there alone and expect them to succeed. That would be like... like sending an auto- mechanic to work on the shuttle.	I can understand your desire to redeem your reputation, Dr. Weir, but it doesn't factor into this
A thousand marks --	It's agreed -- I will get a room here for you
I can go to the police. I have blood samples back at the hospital. I can show them.	Do it. You'll be dead before you can file the complaint
But why must you indulge in his pornography?	It's a hard day's wages, slaving away for madmen. What I've seen in life, it takes a lot to hold my interest
Look out for number one. Always number one.  I should've known you wouldn't tell me. Pop said Johnny Friendly used to own you. I think he still owns you.  No wonder everybody calls you a bum.	Don't say that, Edie, don't..
Who?	The cattle! This valley runs down to a clear creek. That's why we picked this spot, and that's why they don't want us here
You still interested in that?	I thought it wasn't for sale
I suppose you know that Barnhardt does a lot of secret work for the Army.	In this case the secret wouldn't be worth much. He doesn't know the answer himself
It's a hundred miles, Joe - it's snowing - how are we going to get there?	I'll think of something.  Don't crowd me
I just admire your maturity, that's all.  I mean, there are people who would find that kind of perfection boring.  Day after day, year after year...	... see, that's what I thought at first.  How can you like someone that perfect? No potential for long-range livability
What is she doing here?	She's with me. I just wanted to check on things
No -- Madam Grusinskaya's car is to be brought.	Madam Grusinskaya's car is to be brought
It's terrible.	An' how you do it?  How you rift cuss
He offered to help, Starling, not to snitch. That wouldn't give him enough chance to show off. Remember, Lecter looks mainly for fun. Never forget fun.	But if he knew we have so little time 
Through ... We found them.	Found them?  In Mercea.  The coconut's tropical
I'm ye boy.	I ain't got no boy
Ahhh...nothing.	Been complaning of hallucinations
Let's try this way!  Holy Maker.	See Threepio, come in, See Threepio. I wonder where they are??  See Threepio..
I'm fine.	I heard you got attacked
I remember you.	I was hoping you would call me, but... Anyway I decided not to wait.  I was thinking, it might be nice to go to dinner together
And what did she do?	Two years at hard labor, Our Lady of Perpetual Help
I have no idea.	Why not
I'll bet he never jerks off...	Yeah, he's beyond human stuff like that
In their eyes, the Marquis is the surest barometer of your progress here.	But he's one among some two hundred wards -
That makes total sense. The treasure chest was in his office. Which means Principal Collins is a pirate! I'm surprised Captain Rob never mentioned him.	That's because Captain Rob is not a pirate. We've been through this
No, I think..	"a ""pond,"" o"
No, they're living in Nice now.	That's a nice city.  This is your first time here, isn't it
This room is mine.	I was here first
Come with me.	Where are we going
It doesn't matter.	I detest cheap sentiment
Yeah? Well, trust me. I'm very for real.	Okay. So who are you
Who's he?	He's the Deputy Sheriff around here
Ah...	Talk to me
Yes.	Then we will simply alert him.  Beloved, are you certain he still wants you? After all, it was you who did the leaving in the Fire Swamp. Not to mention that pirates are not known to be men of their words
To your family.	To yours
You take all your dates here. Blake?	Only the real stiffs
You fuckers... damn you!  Why?!  Why me!?  Why the obsession with me?	It's our job
Oh, my God, Scooby! I'm so sorry...I'm so, so sorry...	Don't be. Your movie's a hit
Of course not!	Mr. Fennyman, I think you may have hit on something
You want some <u>advice</u>.	Yes
. or do you just want me? I'm going to let you enter me now.	No. I should go
Knox, if you promise that this will be the end of it-	Dead Poets honor
We're going to need some time.	Who are you going to call
Yes... and I only had enough silver halide for one shot. So you're lucky you didn't screw it up.	I'm very sorry
Or flowers.	See ya tomorrow
On which planet...?	You can't just 
You're not going to take off on me, are you?	Uh-uh
We run they'll shoot us anyway.  If we keep driving they might think we friendlies; Iraqis.  Or even if they know we're Americans they might get scared, think we're part of a detachment and keep on going.	They're not going to-
This patient has been plagued with temporal lobe seizures.	It's the patient's request, doctor
What the...?	I got it ta my head now. I got it ta my head now
Look, Mr. Desmond, I didn't count on it turning this ugly.	What are you talking about
You want me to follow them to Littleton?	Let's get to the top and talk to Jack first. He'll know what happened. He fucking better. If this coulda been avoided, I'll put that kid's ass in a sling
Well, not to say Mr. Lindgren is dishonest, exactly.	Right
I could have ended it tonight, but I didn't.	Why
...excellence to the Miracle Wonderland Carnival Company -- until one day, while performing spectacular feats of stratospheric skill never before attempted by civilized man, an unfortunate phenomena occurred. The balloon failed to return to the fair.	It did
We have word that the Soviets have put out a top priority alert for information on Gardiner's background. So far, they haven't come up with a thing - what's more, as a result of their eagerness, one of their ablest agents blew his cover, we have him in custody at this time.	Good. Anything else
I thought you were bringing the Colonel?	The Gangster of Love don't eat no fried chicken
All right.  Since you put it that way.	I'll pick you up at your place.  I'll bring along the Roylance Guide -- we can read after we eat
Thank ye.	Now it's minimal wage and there ain't nothin' but a army cot and a toilet back there
Mrs. Torrance, I don't think you have anything to worry about.  I'm quite sure there is nothing physically wrong with Danny.	Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah, he seems absolutely fine now, but you should have seen him
You love me now, don't you?	Very much
Don't cross me...	Nobody's going to do that
I was wondering if you could tell me anything... about a wildcat operative.	I know of no one.  But even if there is, I am sure it is nothing outside your capacity to deal with
I hope when you were on the bench, Judge Wakefield, you didn't handle the presumption of innocence in the same fashion.	If I ever return to the bench, Counselor Adler, I hope I have the pleasure of hearing your arguments
We'll come back in the morning.	What is that he's working on
Thanks. Dorothy Vallens. Okay, goodluck. Three minutes, no sooner.	Alright. Good luck, yourself
Of course I do!	Name one
Seein's how you're about as thick as a used string of unwaxed dental floss, don't know how you can criticize.	Yeah, well, if he says that all that flab turns into dick at midnight, he's a liar
Once.	Got a letter from this Goodridge guy? Says, you're upsetting his students
What's your worst memory of childhood?  Quicker than that. I'm not interested in your worst invention.	The death of my father
Stanley if you don't fuckin' stand up and go over there I'm gonna beat your ass --	I'm sick of being the one, the one who always has to do everything, I don't want to be the one always -
Wait a minute, Gordon—I—	Get out
"""- every day."""	Hot damn, Clarice
I doubt that's what she'd say.	Then she's a liar
George.	Tuna
Is it?  Well, I'm scared of what we've become in our freedom.	Well, we must be who we must be..
Yes.	Chauncey, this is Mr. Dennis Watson of the State Department
You fought for me...?!  ...you manipulated me... into where I am now... staring at the Brown & Williamson Building. It's all dark. Except the 10th floor! That's the legal department. That's where they fuck with my life!	Jeffrey, where you going with this? So where you goin'?  You are important to a lot of people, Jeffrey. You think about that. You think about them
The poet? What ever happened to him?	He's still here. Let me buy you a drink. I'll tell you all about it. Hell, I'll have him tell you
I told you to slow down.  Hell, Officer, I told her to slow down.	About how fast was I going
No. Probably I don't.	It's a mess, ain't it Sheriff
You know it's not often I... you know...	There's a first time for everything
If John Doe's head splits open and a U.F.O. flies out, I want you to have expected it.	I will
Frank. Come in.	Hey, I brought some friends. And some beer
Zere ARE no ROOLZ!	NO RULES!  YOU CABBAGE-EATING SONS- OF- BITCHES-
I've been trailing the cashier like you told me. You're right about that guy, chief. There's something screwy somewhere.	Never mind all that. What did you find out
You don't have to. I'll pay for all the stuff right now and you can pay me back when you finally get a job.	You're insane
Because the the only way to stop crime is to identify criminals.  I can't believe you're talking this way Mister Detective -- I think she's got a lot of guts.	I think -- she's crazy
I'll send a cop back for you.	Hey.  C'mon, you can't leave me like this.  Some freak'll come by and stab me
Lie. That's one. Keep going.	A key piece of the ship has been destroyed... and our only hope to reconstruct it is if one of your photographs shows us what it looked like
Excuse me...	Listen, I'm not feeling well
My Lady Cosgrove's relationship with me was a singular one.  Her life was passed in a series of crack-brained sort of alternation between love and hatred for me.  We would quarrel for a fortnight, then we should be friends for a month together sometimes.  One day, I was joking her, and asking her whether she would take the water again, whether she had found another lover, and so forth.  She suddenly burst out into tears, and, after a while, said to me:	Roderick, you know well enough that I have never loved but you!  Was I ever so wretched that a kind word from you did not make me happy? Ever so angry, but the least offer of good-will on your part did not bring me to your side?  Did I not give a sufficient proof of my affection for you in bestowing one of the finest fortunes of England upon you?  Have I repined or rebuked you for the way you have wasted it? No, I loved you too much and too fondly; I have always loved you. From the first moment I saw you, I saw your bad qualities, and trembled at your violence; but I could not help loving you.  I married you, though I knew I was sealing my own fate in doing so, and in spite of reason and duty.  What sacrifice do you want from me?  I am ready to make any, so you will but love me, or, if not, that at least, you will gently us me
Well--part of it is that heroes basically hate home and never stay there very long, and make awful messes while they're there.	Go on
Be a sport. How bad could spring break in Los Angeles be?	I guess we could go to Disneyland or something
I must get into that country of yours!	Oh no. No visa
Don't forget to kill the lights. See you Monday.	Sure. Monday and Thursday -- and Monday again -- and Thursday again -
"Listen to him.  ""Watch the suit,"" he says.  A little pisser I've known all my life.  Hey, Tommy, don't go get too big."	Don't go busting my balls. Okay
Then I'll write about YOU.	Me
I guess it's hard working on the road like that.	Damn few places you can make eighty bucks a week
Sure, I'd love to go up against some of these guys ... be a nice break from these accounting creampuffs you keep sending me. Which branch of the service?	Strategic Air Command
Johnny!  Uh, you, uh... should call first, you know?  Hey, where the hell were you all day?  You gotta at least call in or something.  You okay?	Angelo, we gotta talk
Nothing... There's your ninepence.	I'm not dead
Sir, we're being hailed.	On screen
Very good. Think you can get in without waking her up -- ?	Yeah
Yes, sir.	When you exit, head east on 10th
Well, that just about figures for today.	So...where's my truck
How you guys doing?	I'm alright, I'm dealing
Shields, Mr. Chekov.	Shields, aye
I had to quit, Midge.	Why
The Widow Windsor.	Is that all you say?  Look at her
Worse... you're in Texas.	Well, I should be in FLORIDA now! If Carl hadn't gone in to get those stones removed, you wouldn't be here and I'd be on my way to the Keys. On my boat, RELAXING WITH A GLASS OF PORT!! Re-ti red
McTeague.	I don't know him. Is he a nice guy? You think he'll help me out
And now that Superman's out of the Nice Guy business...	We can get to work on that oil
Who lost a shoe?  Wash your hands.	"The ""unknown hero.""  They found his shoe right beside the plane crash"
Lie back down, and try to -	I'm going to die! I need a doctor! I'm begging you, take me to a doctor
If it makes you feel any better, I don't think you could've gotten more than ten bucks for all this stuff.	Yeah, thanks
How'd you know my daddy?	Met him through Santos... Clyde - your daddy - had some sorta business deal with Santos
I was just going to get some food. Pizza. Maybe we could.	You can't kill my father that easy. He'll fight forever. Like with me: hasn't talked to me in three years. But it's okay. Sometimes you have to put things behind you
You ever caught this bread, and forgive our syndrome before, Duke?	...trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against..
I got to.	Aw
You don't want to be at crossroads without one. It's a charm that old people teach you how to make. I had one for a long time that belonged to my grandmother who had it ever since she was a child.  In my travels I misplaced it. I have been looking over my shoulder ever since.	I thought you weren't old fashioned
Stop nagging.	I don't know why we couldn't stuff it in a mattress or put it under the floor like any normal human being. We could have hid it in the fridge
There is no lid! Nothing's going on between Sam and me. Coulson. Mr. Sam Coulson and me.	Not yet. Every person in this office comes in here and watches you guys! It's like the goddamn Young and the Restless! Rigfort's salivating over it
Do not sabotage me. If you want to be a lightweight, that's your call. But do not sabotage me.	Aye-aye, captain
"Listen we're not supposed to piss either but that doesn't stop you from carrying ""it"" on board?!"	The rules are the rules
By the time he gets to the corner newstand, he's got her meeting some rich guy on the train, the rich guy's asked her to marry him, and he's reading about it in the morning edition.	You're kidding
You're really pure, you know?  You got a perfect record.  You never used that stuff to ruin your body, why start now?	You know, you remind me of my 19- year-old brother - only he's got his hair down to his knees - he looks like something that eats berries and roots out of the ground. God forbid I should say something to him like, 'Listen, if you ever smoke marijuana, just remember that it's illegal' and he storms outta the house.  You rob a bank, but you keep your body pure, is that it
We didn't tell him any different for years --	Your parents are divorced
I can't be absolutely sure -- 8? 9? We'd both taken on far too many drinks -- but it was dark, it was certainly dark when I walked him down to his car.	So Signor Miles drove away and you did what
What?	You alright
Yes.	Then leave her to me
It's okay.	No it isn't.  You can't help me
You played for the Sox?	Double A. New Britain
Am I dreaming this?  Are you a dream?	I am not a dream
...You're just poking at it...	...Yeah. You're just gently batting it around... and the rabbit's all scared..
We've blown the computer!  Elaine!  Set course change!	Set
That was great - jeez, thanks again for cooking all this.	Oh I love to cook. I guess most women wouldn't invite a man over on the first date, but I believe you should trust your instincts. When I talked to you on the phone you just seemed so... I don't know... harmless. Ready for ice cream
Will...I...	What is it
Yeh. The big guy used to be a major in the Marines.	A major
Here's what you're going to do. You're going to open up your backpack, take out your bag of money, count out five thousand dollars, and hand it over to Auggie.	What are you talking about?  You can't be serious
Just a girl.	And you know what'll happen if you fuck up again, don't you
I said when I think about you, I get wet.	Annie, I think you should leave
What we got here a crusader?	Sounds like it
Yeah? What?	Hi. It's Nathan
Dad, it's not about that. I just need to know that it's possible for two people to stay happy together forever. Or at least for a few years.	It's not easy, that's for sure. Now, I may not have the best track record in the world, but I have been with your stepmother for ten years now, and I'm proud to say that we're very happy
That are called Rommel or something, I guess not that many.	So you haven’t seen the film, then
What are you <u>doing</u> here?	I'm back from the dead
I want to bust his ass, put him in shackles.	Maybe.  But you're also curious about the man.  Twice last night you asked your married boyfriend Nicolet about him.  You were concerned, but you didn't want to show it
What about Mitch? Didn't he have anything to say about this?	I can understand his position. He went through a lot with Lydia after his father died. He didn't want to risk going through it all over again
The thing is, Joel, whatever it is you think you have with this chick, once the thrill wears off, you're just going to be Joel with the same fucking problems.	It's not somebody else
"You was quotin' Scripture. You said -- you said, ""And a little child shall lead them."""	Hm
Why was Susan Lefferts at the Nite Owl?	I don't know.  I never heard of the Nite Owl till today
And I'm gonna use the movies when I give my report. Jeffrey says audiences love special effects.	You better ace it...you sacrificed our whole vacation
You're gonna owe me the rest of your life, bud.	I know, I know
Didn't know how he got in there. Had a broken leg, turned out. Just fluttering all around there.	These birds were..
Great	To bed with you, c'mon
You can only go with attendants and a big ceremony.	I want to run down the street. I want to buy a toy. Eat from the shops
No.  If I screw up, I wanta do it alone.  I'll call.	We'll be praying for you
It was women did it to Hobbes. Couldn't handle them. That girl, that Annabelle -- talk about crazy projects.	Who was she
Then don't.	I have a proposal for you
I'm ashamed. I was bringing you to be killed.	Where? Sanctuary? Can you take me there
You know the rules.  You do know the rules, don't you?	Yeah, I know
I guess Nunez wasn't dead after all. He came after us with a vengeance.  You know the rest.	And the bodies
But you have an engagement, and I don't want people to talk.	Talk? About me--about us
I couldn't say anything.  I just stood there, hating her.	I'm sorry about your arm.  Kabuo and I.  Are very sor..
I'll stay.	Get in the car
Where're we taking him?	Where
If what?	"If I hadn't done it.  If I'd said to myself, ""Screw it.  I'm going to let all those people down there live."
I don't know... every once in a while I just get the feeling something awful's going to happen.	Well, like what
No, no, no, no, no.  We gotta go to McGruder!  I go where the truck goes!	No, no, no
Oh, I'm not squawkin', but I'm not used to working and it's a bad habit to get into.	It'll never hurt you---Got any money
I'd better collect my family first.	Oh..
I was worried.	I'm sorry. How was your evening
Romeo in reverse.  Uh-uh.  No sale, Killaine.	You don't buy it.  Okay.  So I still want Betty Mayfield.  Where is she
Yes.  You have a brother in service here, do you not?  I forget his name.	Archie
What kind of life have you got here? Scufflin' around the small rooms, picking up eight, ten bucks a day?	I'll connect. I'll get you your money back
You know, it's possible to buy anything on this earth. You can buy child whores, slaves. You can have people raped, killed...  One of the men who supposedly arranges such things is named Ratan. He usually isn't in this country.  How'd you hear about him?	It's just a name
Do you understand that you have sinned? Gravely.	Leave me alone
I'm fine.	Good.  You ever been inside a hospital
You--uh--you better relax, Senator. You'll be plumb wore out.	Tell me, Miss Saunders--what time does the Senate--uh--what do they call it
I'm fine. I'm going to live a long time. That's what I called to tell you.	Johnny 
I was never very good at history. Let me see -- there was Miss Olsen, and then there was Miss Rossi -- no, she came before -- it was Miss Koch who came after Miss Olsen --	Now, Fran -
But Chief?  Over this??	There's nothing to talk about.  Get a good lawyer.  You're suspended until your trial
Well then, maybe you should just read the ending.	But it won't make any sense if you hear it out of context
Oh, dear -- I don't know what I'm going to do without you - honestly, I don't ——	Hey —— I'm over here
Yeah!	How much ya wanna bet
None of the stewards have seen her.	This is ridiculous, Lovejoy. Find her
Nothing but a wide world o' pain locked in there.	Have you ever been inside
It was Bo, Sir Te's man.  I hear he followed the thief to the Yus'.	Have you questioned him yet
Not an owner.	No, he's family, he's my brother-in- law
I dunno.  If they were, they'd be pushin' 80.	"Well, call SAG.  It'd be cool to get one on the show.  I want the evening to build and build.  It's gonna have the most incredible ending: Singers, dancers, the ""Hallelujah Chorus"" -- then the sky opens, and Santa Claus comes flying down"
No, no, see, that's not what I'm saying. I could go to New York if I wanted to, but what's the point? So I can learn how to order a cappuccino? So I can get mugged by some crackhead? So I can see, see homeless people up close and personal?	So what do you wanna do
Do you know what this is, Data?	It would appear that you are attempting to graft organic skin onto my endo-skeletal structure
And in a theater full of empty seats, why did you sit by me?	Because you looked like a nice guy, and I was a little scared. And I sure couldda used a nice guy about that time, so I spilled my popcorn on you
I see.  I'm sorry about this, George. I'm not happy about this situation. It's bad.  You now know who your Brutus is.	You know why I'm here.  You know what I have to do.  I came here for permission. Out of respect, Pablo.  This is bullshit, he's making me look like a punk
No thanks. I'm fine without them.	Right. That's why you were standing in the Chancellor's back yard twirling that little cap gun of yours tonight. You're fine, all right, you're fit as a fucking fiddle
I better give you my address then.	Oh don't worry kid, I know where you live.  Now I want you to go upstairs and write this down, buy Yahoo. You got that Space Cowboy.  Y-a-h-o-o. It's a magic word and I never want you to forget it
It's just not enough.	It's attitude...how you carry yourself
Of course, he's concealed about me person.	No ... he's must have slipped off somewhere
I don't like this.	Which room is it
Would you describe your relationship with the dead man as close?	Yes.  Since he came to the office, almost three years ago, we've been quite good friends.  How was Eduard ..
I don't give a good goddamn about Finland, Norway, Sweden or wherever ya blond ass came from.	We just punched it up a bit.  Made it funnier
Well.  Every time I see him in town or somewhere, he's starin' at me with these narrow eyes. Givin' me his mean face.	When your son came back from the war, what did he say about all this
Did he get fresh?	Of course not.  As a matter of fact, it was just the other way around.  You see he needs help
Leaving the room.	Leaving the room ... yes
C'mon, Frank.  What are you doing?	What am I doing
Smart thing for me to do is haul ass outta here.	Whatsa matter now
How were you compensated for these duties you say you performed?	Compensated...
Martin -- your customer.	Can I help you
He's just a deep sleeper.	He's not breathing, Mom
Missus...	We have a renew-your-subscription offer..
Taking a shower.	You left that guy alone in the room
I can do that.  I want to do that.  For all of us. I need to do that as a man...  Think about it.  No more lousy restaurants, no more clipping coupons, no more shoveling snow...	Then get a goddamn snow blower
Hey, I'm the one who kicked Ivy's botanical butt.  Personally.  Me.  I did.	You are going back to school
Jacob.	Okay, Jacob, get up and sit your ass down on the bed. Make a wrong move and I'll shoot you in the face
I thought you just said you played hockey and went to a funeral.	We did
I -- I -- I -- I -- gotta get her outta there?	That's right
Follow me then to plainer ground.  God, I love this!	This play
Home--where he lives.	And are the police sure about that
I'm going in, Sandy. I'll see you tomorrow and tell you how it went.	I. I don't want to see you tomorrow. Mike's coming over
My acting workshop is across the street from here. I'm just on my break.	Well, we won't keep you
You were the one who ran around with ice in his underwear, don't forget that.	Don't get kinky here..
We're going to New Jersey?	Maybe
Your Honor, I object.	Proceed
Cadet Michael Mueller, I hereby place you under military arrest for the murder of Sergeant Nathan West --	The fuck are you talking about -
That boat is my livelihood!	You'll get it back.  Or one better
You don't think I've tried? No one is willing to open the picture	Then we'll open it in Detroit or Dallas or Kalamazoo for God's sake! We'll show it in goddamn circus tents and--
I'll make sure the alarm is set from now on.	But that doesn't solve the problem. Who is doing this? And why
You.	Darling Emma -- yes, we:  the true genius behind the Prospero Project ..
I thought you were married!	I am marry to the cousin of a friend-- but only to be able to live here. This is the mother of my child-
Why you got me chained?	Way I see it, it's gonna take a while for you to get right
Where up north?	Seattle
Pretty fast.	We'll have to re-stock some basics
You're beautiful.	So are you
I think -- you're trying to get me drunk.	Wouldn't be the first time -- or would it
You better not sing that song.	Why
Can I bring some toys?	You can bring ONE toy..
Yeah, no kidding. Good! It opens at 9 a.m. Be there!	And don't send your guys down there to stop me! I mean it
Aren't you going to switch exits on him again ?	Why ? The crocks are all going for the dead crock. There's no fun in it. Besides we've got plenty more for them. The night is young...
With all due respect, sir, maybe you should give them this one.  Your numbers are still pretty low and you called in a lot of chips to nail Stravanavitch.	I might still have a few chips left
What reputation?  You're nothing but an ignorant, inbred, tumbleweed hick.	Is that an insult?  Are you insulting me
It's been six months.	It's still better than letting somebody find him
But they are not yet one of us.	A situation easily remedied
How could I tell 'em your sale?  Eh? I don't have a tel...I'll tell 'em your sale when they bring in the leads.  Alright?  Shelly.  Alright? We had a little... You closed a deal.  You made a good sale.  Fine.	It's better than a good sale.  It's a..
Lucky? You call that lucky?	He let me live. He let me be his friend
I only went for my last two years.	How come
Never was anybody like you...	You can't take anything seriously
Fuckin' cop's got no right talk to me that way.  I didn't rob the place...	You hear what I said
No.	Yes
All right. All right. I just cleaned B-8. Give me a break.	Get going
The possibility alone is worth ten million.  Baggage car, rack 3.  Silver briefcase.  Combination 314.	What about Job
Claude, mind helping me to the bathroom?	Sure, boss
Does this person have a name?	Lydia
N-n-n-n-n-no, ma'am.	Mister Sefelt
I suppose not. Is there an ornithological reason for keeping them in separate cages?	Oh, certainly. It's to protect the species
Is it true, Carter?  Are you in Hong Kong right now?	Hong Kong?  I'm not in Hong Kong.  I'm in Hollywood -- right at Sunset and Vine, two minutes from the station.  How about I pick you up right now and take you to dinner
You know everybody, don't you?	Everybody who can hurt me, everybody who can help me. It pays
You said you were going to stay. What happened?	That bounty hunter we ran into on Ord Mantell changed my mind
Proposed to you! You mean he asked you to marry him?	Yes
Ready?	I'm ready
And the baby?	He's a big one
What?	Well, do you
Is the day so young?	But new struck cuz
It's the President, for Christ's sake!	I give you my word. Put the prototype into my hands, and you're a free man
You... You mean Earth?	"Yeah. ""Earth."" Time to get back to ""Earth,"" kids"
I don't believe this!	You just want to get away from Daddy and you're using me to do it
Ya nose is broke.	Damn! How's it look
Yeah.	You need anything
For a question!	Has the gentleman the effrontery-- standing there convicted and in disgrace--to try to force the postponement of that bill--
Don't you want to hear what's next?	What's next
What is this person doing here?	Why
What I will do is keep names out of it till we got some answers or hit a dead end. You know how the press is with a murder story--even if it's forty years old.	Yeah, it's a pretty cold trail
I say when it's over!	The guy you killed was an off duty cop!  If you get out of here they'll nail you wherever you land.  They have a new thing called radar. Maybe you've heard of it
What's your secret?	Excuse me
Maybe later.	How about you
She attended the church for years. A dear woman, it was sad to see her decline so rapidly.	It was a shame
It's OK.	Yeah, screw 'em, huh? Pay 'em to tangle it up and then you pay 'em to untangle it, what's the point
I know.  And now?	It still is.  I'm so in this, I don't know which way is up... All I know is I won't let anything bad happen to you.  Just like I said.  And I know we can't ever see each other again.  And we never will
He's not strong enough to fight off another attack.	I know.  We need to be sure, before we open that door Graham
Ted, I'm the kind of guy who shoots from the hip. Now I want you to level with me: Did you knock this skirt up?	No
I wouldn't mind doing Janet one or two favours.	Time to check with Flavors
Why not?	Can you
You... I should've killed you myself. should never have left it up to him...	Shoulda, coulda, woulda...  Get him in the water
We're into the second perimeter. They'll be coming out to blast us shortly.  I was wondering if you had some kind of a plan or are we going to try to blast our way in?	Check your data banks for all the information you have on Imperial procedures.  Both of you will have to learn..
Better you should get off my front porch before I get my mace!	Elaine, I don't want to have to take you in for questioning. You've got his car, you were the last to see him 
Like this. I have no robe.	Here—take mine
What?	Remember what I said
You know what the Scottish call it?	No
You could've hit me.	Only in the leg or the thigh. You'd live but you just wouldn't wear shorts
We shoulda been there to back you up. We shoulda!	Stop blaming yourself
I know.  It's terrible!	I mean, I've looked everywhere
Sorry.  We had another bat sighting.	Don't let your job interfere with your business.  -- Someone's been talking to Harvey Dent
Oh.	Have you seen those ads for Titanium Power men's deodorant
Their atmosphere will sustain him. He will look like one of them.	He'll be weightless
For this one, we need $60,000.	That's all??  That seems very reasonable for an entire picture
Um...I'm pretty sure I'm Bruce Wayne. And you are?	Nygma. Edward Nygma. You hired me. Personally. Just like I tell everyone.  Well, we've never actually met, but your name was on the hire slip
You don't seem to be listening. I asked do you have any friends?	No
How can you be out here?	I dabble in pharmaceuticals, medical research. We've developed a type of sun-blocker using octyl salicylate, a few others things
That was good.	Can we talk about something
Let me get this straight. Jerry Nathan owes you money. So, as collateral, he gives you his car.	Only now I'm starting to think the car wasn't exactly Jerry's to give
I'm afraid I already know a great many people. Until one of them dies I couldn't possibly meet anyone else.	Yes, of course. But you will let me know if anyone goes on the critical lis
"Did you ever hear that saying, ""This too shall pass""?"	Sure, all the time, in Group
That's the only way to the Monolith...	We can take these guys
"Don't come any closer for a sec. This is gonna be kind of a shock... You remember when we said ""together forever no matter what""?"	Baby, you're scaring me
What'sa matter...forget your registration?	No...no.  Nooo...it's just that I...I...uh... this ain't my car
Infant death, he calls me. Sweet daughter death. You know what he calls you? Merciful death.	He jests
Told you so.  Alright.  We tried.  Let's go home.	Mother!  No
Karl's real sensitive about having his picture made. He wouldn't even be on the bulletin board for the Easter Collage.  Melvin, would you get me a good hot cup with two sugar substitutes? You girls want some coffee?	No thank you
Men are crazy. Then they put their craziness into me. Then it makes me crazy. Then they aren't so crazy for awhile. Then they put their craziness in me again.  It's burning me, but I love you. I do, I do. Did you know that? Did you know that I love you?	I'm glad you do
Hey, where's your sweatshirt?	– uhh, must have forgotten
And you promise to abide by it?	Without question
You are not so sure that he'll come.	Oh yes -- I am -- want to bet
Zuzu Petals!  Did she have it?	Have what
Gee--I hope so. What's all this?	Contributions from boys who read about your camp
What am I, a shmuck?  What's the hurry?  He could see a couple of shows and visit the top of the Empire State Building.	Joel, don't jerk me.  I spent a lot o' time settin' this one up
I still don't see how he could be playing chess against you.  There's only enough grids on the map to be half a board.	That's all he needs.  He's making the moves.  It's an opening.  I just can't remember the name.  Okay, it's a game.  He's starting it, so he moves first.  He's white.  e2-e4
Yes, Spencer. Who? The Governor? Well, what about me? it's my building he's jumping off of! And I'm up for re-election, too!	Shh
I don't know what it is with you bloody hooligans. Not content with causing trouble back home, YOU idiots have to go off and wreak havoc throughout the whole of Europe. And when finally, the police do catch up with you, you expect us to wave a magic wand and get you out, well not this time, I'm sorry.	So am I
Too early to tell. Nervous?	Nah
Simple.  I have something you won't more than anything.  The way to free you from the curse of the treasure.  You have something I want -- more than anything.	The Pearl?  Oh, that's fine.  And just how do you expect this to work
We choose to believe it.	My God!  How can you just do nothing!?  They're your friends, your family.  You all knew Mara. You ate with her and worked with her... Your work in the valley, what is that for if not to -
The coach from USC is going to be at the championship.	I know.  But chances are..
I dunno -- she fills gaps.	What gaps
John Bonham?	John Bonham. The drummer for Led Zeppelin. He died a couple years ago. Every birthday he stays home and plays everything John Bonham ever recorded. It's like his own holiday
You feel you know me.	I don't know why
I didn't know we had any women left.	The world is teeming with women-- ours to enjoy
Fuck off, Barry.	"I'd want ""One Step Beyond"" by Madness. And ""You Can't Always Get What You Want."
Dick... Dick,..	What
My generosity is not so large as that.	What do you want with me
I don't know, Jack. He's got no face for me.	You can tell something about him or we wouldn't have found the finger print..
Right here.  In the 7th Street subway station.	What was he doing down here?  A billionaire waiting for the subway?  Why not drown him in a bus?  Why drown him at all?  Why not shoot him?  Is the hitman from the lost world of Atlantis?  I mean, come on
...-lem?	You find yourself wearing a..
Oh?  What's the problem?	I don't know, I had to go to Chicago again.  You were in Kiev.  You tell me
My car! My car! Tan Ciera!	Don't go in! Wait for back-up
According to the budget, we laid out that's more than our food bill for a whole year. Listen, Bruce, I don't want Walter Burns to use me, but I'm perfectly willing to use him. How long will it take to get him examined?	I could get a company doctor in twenty minutes
I've been going through a lot of personal crap, all right?	Oh really?  <u>You've</u> been going through a lot of personal crap. You, Princess Di and Madonna
Are you hungry?	No
You're compulsive.	Mmm-more like -- I have a little trouble. Trusting people
I'd like that, too.	Tonight
Julliard, yeah.	Single
I am only a messenger. Do you accept? You will be paid well.	How much
It's all over the place, everyone knows.	Is it? Is it really
Does she sound pissed, scared, hostile? Did she mention the police?	No, but she's definitely pissed and hostile. And she's clearly starting to think that's something's not right
"You must be familiar with my favorite poem by Yeats?  ""The Second Coming""?"	No
Oh, I'm sorry!	Don't get upset
So now you have the same reaction to music as you do to sex and violence?	Oh well, it's... it's not all music you see, Missus. It's just the 9th
Yes, so we were informed.  However, we must of course transmit the remains to you in a receptacle.	This is a hundred and eighty dollars
Oh that thing in Queens.	I'm going away after that, the next morning
"We were never told flat out ""Don't talk."" But the message was clear."	To cover up
Thank you, Henry.	For what
Can I have your name please?	Dante Hicks. Why? What is this about
She what?!	She said she knew where to find him, and then she grabbed my car keys, and-
If they didn't tell Kennedy about Track 2, how did Hoover find out?	They had us bugged.  Christ, he had everybody bugged.  Yeah, he was gonna support me in '68, but he was also threatening me.  That was Hoover: he'd give you the carrot, but he'd make damn sure the stick went right up your ass
About NOT raping you...	You DON'T like it, do you
Do you know how many girls I've trained to be Slayers?  Five.  Five properly prepared girls, girls who faced their responsibilities, who worked hard to become women overnight -- harder than you've ever worked in your life -- and I saw them ripped apart.  Do you want to live?  Do you?	I..
Shh. It's okay.  It's okay, Lila. You're what I want. You know that. You're exactly what I want.	Really
I'm sorry, did that cosmic-bath loosen your screws?	He's smart, powerful, successful -
I still don't know what that means.	I wanted you here so we could have a few months together.  Maybe everything happens for a reason.  Something bad to force something good
Son of a bitch!	Calm down, Bud
Oh, I hate to think of her in there.  We've got to get her out.	Don't cry now.  We haven't got the oil-can with us and you've been squeaking enough as it is
Maybe.	Well, suppose he does
Yes. I'm going to give my queer neighbor a lift to Baltimore.	Okay
You're a cop...you're a fucking cop...I should kill you.	But you can't
Just try to understand what we're dealing with here. Don't underestimate it.	I think we should refer to 'it' as 'him.
Don't take it to court, but we've got good circumstantial evidence...  Walter agrees. My gut's telling me Khruschev's turning to a trusted old friend to carry his message.	Okay, Ken. We're going
They come when you sleep.	That's right.  And we all have to sleep, eventually
What little studio?	There's Gardner, Hepburn, Grable, Turner.  Lynn Bracken is my Veronica Lake.  I use girls who look like movie stars.  Sometimes I employ a plastic surgeon
Sort of, funny boy. If I tell him the meeting's on you're to go to the top of Beachwood Canyon. There's a corral up there where he'll be.	You gotta be kidding
Everything you cook is good.	Duff - you know those women you used to know-
What is it?	The sheets..
So you'll stay?	Yeah
So wadda you do with your girls?	Just chill
How are you?	Fine
Next point. Friendships between croupiers inside or outside the casino are discouraged. Relationships with females working here are expressly forbidden.	We had the same rule at Sun City, but it was impossible to check
As close as we can make out, it appears to be a Corellian gypsy vessel... It's not under power.	Send one squad up
Yeah, yeah, it's up to me, it's up to me— he says it's up to me.	Who says
A C.I. we cut loose to your Joint Interagency Task Force.  Name of Alonzo Stevens.  Now, he's YOUR informant.  Stevens, called us.  I haven't spoken to him for six months. I do not know what case you have him on.  I do not know what he is talking about.  But whatever he is doing for you, it sounds like it is going bad.  Right now...	How do I discuss operations over an open line
Was it worth it?	Should have just killed Thaddeus Rains and been done with it
And I stood by while you told the people from Ramada and Marriott that if they put up a hotel they'd need $800,000 worth of steel net around their beaches!  In New England? We all lost on that one.	It's still a good idea
Carmen...?	Excuse me...
He's afraid of something.	He said he couldn't take us any farther. He has to go sell the elephants
I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl.	I am not being brutal to her
Because I'd met someone else.	Oh <u>okay</u>
Oswald and ghosts.	Jesus
That's not very kind.	Kind or not kind. What's the difference? It always ends up the same way
What about back home?	No
And you know this for a fact?	Did you see the icky black color of her hair
My rig.  I designed the damn thing.	Yup, a Benthic Petroleum paid for it.  So as long as they're hold the pink slip, I go where they tell me
Well, how are you enjoying your first day on the job?	I think I lost a week's salary at the dart board
It broke!	No one's that strong
No, sir... just a businessman.	Really?  Must be a dangerous business
Let's start from the inside out.	All storage and production of Chimera is done here, in this lab on the forty-second floor, the heart of the building
Holy mackerel! Look, Walter, that's what divorces are for.	Nonsense. You've got the old-fashioned idea that divorces are something that last forever -- till 'death us do part'. Why, a divorce doesn't mean anything today. It's only a few words mumbled over you by a judge. We've got something between us nothing can change
Shit!... Shit! He ain't here.	What the fuck do you mean
You like sports?	It's my field. I represent athletes. I'm an agent
It probably will.  In fact, I'd go so far as to say it almost certainly will, in time.  Why should I settle for that?	Because it's fair.  Give me next quarter.  If you still feel this way, vote your shares..
You bring me such peace...	Oohhhh, Eugene
Don't you think they'll figure out who did it?!  Don't you know they'll come to you and demand to know what the Dead Poets Society is?   Charlie, you had no right to do something like that!	It's Nuwanda, Cameron
Yes...yes, that's true.	And my hair...what color hair did Barbara have
Alright, personalised flight care from Corey.  Books, cassettes, magazines, anything?	Not right now, thanks
She's quite pretty.	Her name's Sandy ..
Eighty dollars.	I have forty-two.  So that would definitely cover taxicabs, I think
No -	The Queen invited you to dinner 
Hiya Carla.	What am I doing?  I'm just telling Walter the truth
The address?!	York Ave
You forget what I went through to give ya the best.	You gave me what?! Knots! You gave me knots in here every day -- you made me scared of everything
That was... the first one.	First one what
Come Here.	What are you going to do. bleed on me
Oh?  you feel that way about people, too?	Man, what're you saying
No.  But it buys a lot of other things.	Like that piece of ass he was with
Vivian... I'm sorry.  I wasn't prepared for questions about us. It was an idiotic and insensitive thing I did.  I should have known that it would hurt you.	I'm not hurt.  It doesn't hurt you when somebody pisses on you, it just pissed you off
Set what up?	That's the big surprise. Your new studio--after all, writers do need a place to work
No!	You're the one always saying 'Just do it'
You're evil, Maxine.	Do you have any idea what its like to have two people look at you with total lust and devotion through the same pair of eyes? No I don't suppose you would. It's quite a thrill, Craig
What good'll that do? Smoke's as bad as birds.	Birds are not bad
How's that, Sid?	It's not important in itself -- some elevator boy you fired came to me claiming you'd stolen the idea for the, uh, the hoop dingus from him -
Don't stop, just slow down.  Little more space 'tween us and them.	I would rather we all stay-
I don't think that's funny.	It wasn't meant to be
in case I need it?	In case I need it
And they's some coffee here. I could fix him a cup...	That's right. And douse some in it
Oooooo.  That hurt.	You're old--so old
He was fine when he left here, and now look at him.	I intend to
How can that be?	They donate money to farmers, to churches. Rumor has it they gave the sharecroppers of Maddox so much money they were able to build a school
I think that if I'm old enough to accept a new baby, and if I'm old enough to accept a new room, I'm old enough to go to California.	Honey I know it's fun to think about these things but...
All of you?	Every night
You always said, the field uphill needs a rest, but if you think --	Mary, I'm a farmer -- always will be. To me seed isn't a thing to pay debts with, it's alive, more alive than anything -- but I guess you're right. We just got to do it. Oh -- how's it all going to end
Maybe you should see a doctor.	Yeah, maybe
A little of both, sir, and perhaps not quiet enough of either.	It won't look pretty good on your record, Killaine.  Where's the girl now
I don't have it with me...	Bullshit
Mom tried to cook.	Oh
I don't know. I had a dream. In fact, the night I met you.  In the dream the world was dark because there weren't any robins. You know, birds. Robins stood for love, and all of a sudden thousands of robins flew down and brought this blinding light of love. And it felt like that love would be the only thing that would make any difference. I guess, until the robins come there is trouble.	Yeah I guess so.  You're a neat girl
Christ, Val, maybe she's not your type, but you could, at least, be civil.	Civil?  I'm civil
Wasn't my idea.	Jonas
And what if I couldn't do that?	Then I'd have to explain Treadstone. And you'd have to explain how you let me get this far.  Doesn't sound like much of a Plan-B, does it?  We'll clean up the field.  You clean up your budgets
Why'd you help me back there with the Chief?  Why'd you stand up for me like that?	You know, I don't know.  I like you. You remind me of a puppy I used to have. He pissed on the rug all the time, but I still kept him
The 6 horse is last.	That's okay. That's his style
Behold the sword of power, Excalibur. Before Uther, it belonged to Lud, before Lud, to Beowulf, before Beowulf to Baldur the Good, before Baldur to Thor himself and that was when the world was young and there were more than seven colors in the rainbow.  Speak the words.	One land, one king! That is my peace
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.	Stop saying that
So he bought this Peugeot sedan at a greatly reduced price while he was there in charge of the White House Advance Team.	How come you're not chasing it down yourself
All damn.	Just hold your breath
Don't see me to my door, there's no need.	But I promised your mother
...I know you're down, but you know when you're down, Drew, there's no place to go but up.	Thanks, Quince
Do you know the way?	Sure, it's on the red metro line you...
Hey, Ros.  Nice view, huh?	Yeah, I'm gonna start sleeping here.  Masry & Vititoe, can I -- damn it.  Does anyone know anything about these phones
Five years, I think.  Long time.	Well, there you are.  Jen must've liked him
How close are you to getting this funding put together?	It's almost there.  The hardest part is getting someone to sell us the telescope time
Just... I have to.	And I want to know where
Who is he, Pop?	Who is he! Edie, you're so softhearted and soft-headed you wouldn't recognize the devil if he had you by the throat. You know who this Terry Malloy is? The kid brother of Charlie the Gent, Johnny Friendly's right hand, a butcher in a camel hair coat
Thank you, Admiral.	Now, Mister Ambassador.  In a very few moments we should have Premier Belch on the phone.  I intend to tell him exactly what has happened.  I merely want you to authenticate certain facts for him
Where'd Johnny find you?	He knew my husband who died
This is its current position.	Can you project its course
Raymond, I'm the only criminal attorney you have.	Well, I guess that makes you the best.  Look, Frank -- she stands to inherit three million dollars.  As executors of the estate and her attorneys that could generate a lot of legal fees for us.  All I'm asking you to do is talk to her
They like you ------- kids.	I guess so.  The trick is remembering how to act like one.  I'm glad you called, Mr. Curry. I wanted to see you.  Why don't we go to my office..
Relax.  We're almost there.	We oughta get a couple of those rockets.  Voom!  We're there before we left
It's been hell.	-- same sauce -- sweet and sour
Don't tell him. I want to be the first to bring him the news.	That's only natural. Maxwell will be here around eight tonight
"I guess this is what they call ""ironee""? Hunh?"	It's not what you think, Jake
You said it was urgent.	It is.  There's something we need to talk about.  Something I need to ask you..
Your shrink always gives you bad advice. He only hears what you choose to tell him. Mark's an asshole, he cheated, he borrowed money and never paid it back, he's never had a regular job.	He's a very talented musician
"But how do I...how do I do a film called ""The Old Mill,"" when I don't have an old mill?"	Well, first, you got to change the title..
Dave...	It's in the little leaguer who may strike out but knows in his heart that at least swung...  Hands to the side..
Any word on the location of the Strodes?	No one's home.  Checked it out myself
That's the whole works, right up to date.	Sentimental fellow, aren't you
I know that, sir.	We've come a long way since World War II, Major.  And the lessons we've learned are all in Plan-R
Listen, you don't havta come?	Hey .
Then say you'll spend Dollar Night at the track with me.	And why would I do that
Ruining everything, that's what they're doing.  You could choke on the diesel smoke already!	Ian, nothing we observe will be valid if we're trailing along in the wake of an army
Someone beat you.	Have you taken to touring small town cemetaries, Miss Cartwright
Well... is it loaded?	"I tell you ""officer"", it wasn't.."
No, this is young -- well, I'm never sure how old Black people are -- but, anyway, he isn't old. That's for sure.	Show me how he did that again
This is one big house for one single person.	Well, you never can tell...  I might get a pet
What's your name?	Rufus
Then you think it might have worked out?	Why not? But that's not how things wound up. I'm with Lenny, Lenny's your friend. And there it ends
No problem, Master-C. If you've seen one Consumer Electronics Show...  What's up?	It's our friend the boy detective. He's nosing around again
Yes! yes! er, on  the whole, yes, Majesty.	But this is absurd
Don't kid yourself. That Portuguese son of a bitch is dangerous. He's watching us like a hawk.	He told me he was turning in early..
Married?	Engaged.  Plan on doing it this summer.  You still married
I was just baiting him! Bobby, I had to tell him that to get his guard down. Just like you told Jake you was going to kill me!	You lied to me all along! Lies, all lies. Your mother, your father, what story are you on now?  How come the town didn't know you was his daughter
Something funny that happened to you while you were doing a job.	I gotta memorize all this shit
I can check on that for you, maybe we can take a tour --	Ok
Sorry to interrupt you, Mr Brett, but I have a message for you.	What is it
You're NOT going to faint.	Shit
He's in here --?	Yeah
Don't worry, you were quite rude enough.  Do you mind if I let in a little fresh air and sunshine? I'm sure it will make you feel better and I want you to be at your very best. In full possession of your faculties, at least.	Please come to the point. What is it you want
He moved down there after Meryl packed up and left.	Why wasn't I told?  Any unpredictable behavior has to be reported.  Is that the best shot we can get
Who knows? Maybe someday I'll be your new daddy.	LLOYD, she's my mom
No.	Your mother came in about three in the afternoon. Her neighbor drove her, on account of your father was on business in Wichita. You were born a week early, but there were no complications. It was a perfect delivery. Now, your father was sorry to miss it, but it wasn't the custom for the men to be in the room for deliveries then, so I can't see as it would have been much different had he been there. And that's the real story of how you were born
We've only got one suit.	I know!  I know!  But we better come up with something
Curious. You haven't been assisting Commander Uhura with her radio transmissions, have you, Lt?	Commander Uhura has been experiencing technical difficulties sir
Louise!  Where are you?  Are you alright?  Honey...	Hi.  I'm okay.  How are you?  Long time no see
That was very good.	Thank you
I say, do what you wanna do.	Funny, you're the only on
Colonel Kurtz, I guess.	I'm Kurtz
Are you coming home?	Yes.  Well, I'm coming over to your house to get some things
I was talking to Dad.	I didn't kiss her so it's a big thing
Chess team Allan Harris?!	The two moved to Idaho together after graduation. They raise sheep
What?!  What that mean?	I don't know
Um-hmm.	Do you think if I went with you this Wizard would give me some brains
What door am I at?	What
I'm not trying to sharpshoot you, but that 'nothing lasts' stuff, that's what was the trouble with Honey's guy.  He was fooling around and Honey caught him at it.  One girlfriend wasn't enough for him.	So you're a one-girl guy
I'm not interested in him.	You're not interested in him
Captain, I must take my family. It is not safe here.	Where is your family
I just want you to know, Sean...	You're Welcome, Will
I am concentrating. Where can we rule?	What do you think about... Earth
But I'm not done with the machine --	Which is precisely the <u>point</u>. Analysis is over.  It's time for <u>action</u>.  My men could have mass- produced this by now
Does that still go?	We're not there yet
I'll be damned that when my men come to me tomorrow morning, wanting to know what's going on, I'm going to lie to them!	"Your men! All my life ""your men"" have been able to count on you? Why is it that you've never been there for me"
House 25. Number's on the door.	Okay, mister. Whatcha payin'
Subic Bay, sir. In the Philippines.	I thought I recognized the work.  Be proud of those wings. They're the only ones you're gonna leave here with, Mayo-naise
Thanks.	Ya know, I'm thinkin' -- with another income coming in, I would love to get a bigger place
Take it easy, take it easy, it was an accident.	An accident
I don't know-like two-thirty, three.	What were you doing up so late
She is relentless.	She wants to have an affair with me
You're not going to bring anybody up to my apartment.	I'm not just bringing anybody -- I'm bringing Miss Kubelik
If anyone can hear me please respond!	That's very professional sounding of you, Taylor
"""Hi, Gina.  Hi, Sonny."""	Hi, Gina.  This is from Frick and Frack. Trudy
...Jesus H. Christ.	So where's the party
Uh--that's good. And--uh--you?	I'm splendid, too
Like, uh...?	I don't know exactly
...and swore under oath that they know nothing about addiction, disease...	It was on C-SPAN. Yeah
YOU'RE A LIAR!	Look at me
So give him a tour.  He doesn't know enough to ask the right questions.	If he's looking for a flaw in the system -
Would it work?	Yes.  And I think we already know it will
I'm drunk.	I'll get you some coffee
Oh come on, Verbal. Who do you think you're talking to? You really expect me to believe he retired? For a woman? Bullshit. He was using her.	He loved her
I was explaining to Antonia how a book comes to be published. What you do as a writer, what I do as an editor...	I sweat blood for five years and he checks for spelling
No, it wasn't Pam Grier, Pam Grier was the other one. Pam Grier made the movies. Christie Love was like a Pam Grier TV show, without Pam Grier.	What the fuck was that chick's name? Oh this is just great, I'm totally fuckin' tortured now
I don't need the stinking pro-tour.	You're dead without the pro-tour, and you know it. Get him away from me. Sid and Breeze punch Theo in the face
Fuck you--	I am giving you the last chance you will ever have to be yourself again
Even if I'm near a fire, I'm cold. I guess just about everybody's cold.	I swear, sometimes, you just want to hold onto somebody!  Judy, what am I going to do?  I can't go home again
Look lady, I don't have time for games. Just put the....	Thank you for calling the white House..
Let it go, don't waste your time.	Down here, Hooper
Those flowers are too high. Won't be able to see her.  Get a smaller bowl, will you?	A smaller bowl of flowers
Lo?	Jen
It's mine all right.	Well, listen. I'm going to swap you my Cadillac
If I don't get power up we are!	Drop the anchor
Gin's okay.	It's so exciting. New York. The mad forward thrust of everything. My sense of time here is completely altered
"And this class officer... ""Wickwire.""  You think he was just trying to get even?  Striking back for..."	Maybe.  Though it didn't seem like he was getting any satisfaction out of it.  Almost like...  Did I say he was class officer
Now wait a minute, sweetie. Do I look like a newshound to you?	No... Actually, you look more like a cop
The voice was in your cell?	Yes
... Fine. I’ll go for the safe place.	Have the money ready by 11am. We’ll call you
We can assume he's back in the water intake passage.	She, Mister Hutton
No I'm not.	Oh come off it, Mare. What about what's-his-name... Steverino? You could've at least passed the baton on that one
Now, you're being beastly.	Sure.  You didn't come here in person just to tell me about the gun.  You wanted me to be looking across the desk at you while you talked about Mitchell.  If I believe you, it would be psychologically impossible for you to have killed him last night
What about...	What about what
You bastards, I said twenty!	It'll just be a few minutes
You guys got the Latin homework?	No -- Kevin, you
I lost him.	How
There you are. Grant's Tomb. I hope you're not disappointed.	It's wonderful
Where's my wife?	With Mama, putting the baby to sleep.  Francesca's very happy. Michael was kind to her.  She idolizes him.  The children are all out in the speedboat.  I'm going to my house
More proof God's a guy...	...and sex dreams where you actually have an orgasm
Yes -- with all that pressure, and suction within --	There's no other way. Tie my safety line to the sub
Yes.	But I don't know anything about programming
Why don't you be a gentleman and ask Rosey?	Who
Okay, I’ll take them...	You won’t regret it...  Tommy!  Set Mr. Conlin up with four B.F. Goodrich G-Force T/A’s...  ...and give him ten percent off for having the best costume..
I'll go on a hunger strike. I know your caper. The kidney punch and the rabbit-clout. The third degree and the size twelve boot ankle-tap.	What's he on about
Me? No, no, no, 'cause I never shower in a public place.	Why not
OW!! That HURT GOD DAMMI-	OW!! YOU CAN'T DO THIS TO ME!! THIS ISN'T FAIR!!! YOU SONS A BITCHE-
For cuttin' up a lady. They cut up her face an' cut her eyes out, cut her ears off an' her tits too.	Jesus
Yes.	Is there anything else you wanted to ask me while I'm up?... When was the last time you wore pink? When was the last time you drank soup standing up? Final call for strange questions at two in the morning
Do you really think you can beat him?	Of course he thinks he can beat me, Bert. He wouldn't be playing me if he didn't. Right, Felson
I'm afraid I'll faint.	Whatever you do, don't do that
If they put this Creeper in jail, then you'd be safe.	The man has friends. And they're not likely to forgive me if I testify against him
Huh?	We have to have air strikes on their military and entertainment centers.  It's the only way to ensure that their smut can't reach American soil
Why is that childish?  Your living with the guy!  I'm just asking how it's going.	I am not living with him.  I've just been staying with him for a few days until I work out what I'm doing. Look, this has nothing to do with anyone else.  You know that, don't you?  I left because we weren't exactly getting along, and we weren't talking about it.  And I suddenly realized that I like my job, and I like what my life is could be turning into, and that I'm getting to a point where I want to get my shit together and I can't really see that ever happening with you, and yeah, yeah, I sort of get interested in someone else, and that went further than it should have, so it seemed like a good time to go.  But I have no idea what will happen with Ian in the long run.  Probably nothing
Are you hungry? I have some nice raw kidney in the truck.	Oh, I'm set, Sir. I'm set
Selling all my baseball cards. And helping me buy enough food and supplies to fill several large trucks.	Food and supplies?  Who for?  Like starving people
This morning.	On a day like this.  Consiglero, do you also have in your notes the the Turk made his living from Prostitution before the war, like the Tattaglias do now.  Write that down before you forget it.  The Turk will wait
Greetings, Mr. George.	Where do you guys want to count
Wait a minute. You want to look at fucking penguins now?	Yeah. Let's look at the penguins
As you can see, security's pretty tight in this section.  Nobody gets past Elmer here.  Isn't that right?	Not in one piece anyway.  I see Mrs Whistler as kind of ... like my own dear mother.  I'd kill any man that tried to interfere with her.  The Vice President here will vouch for that
Lots of things.  Her favorite yogurt.  The ten drummers she would take to a desert island...	Drink your cappucino, you're giving me a headache..
Yeah, I'm crimes against persons and property now, also sex crimes and child abuse.	Detroit, you must be pretty busy
I'm hungry.  Go kill me some dinner.	An appetite.  Maybe you won't die after all
That wouldn't have done any good. Not with her.  She's the most incredible creature I've ever seen.	You just told me you hadn't seen her
We're not saying anything about that night to the police. We should all forget that night.	What happened to me
Forget it.	I just wanted you to know I didn't mean anything by it
Selina!  Selina Kyle!?  You're fired!  And Bruce -- Bruce Wayne! Why are you dressed up as Batman?	He <u>is</u> Batman, you moron
We could co-write a paper.	Ah yes, the first rule of academics. Publish or perish
Jack and I are united in holy matrimony.	Say no more
It's not her mind you need to change. It's Disneyland head in there.	But how can I do that
What tapes?	You know which tapes! Where are they
She still is. She doesn't want to get shot before she can tell you what happened.	Have her bring the money here
Princess, has it ever occurred to you that they're <u>not going to rescue you</u>?	General Formica won't let me die out here.  I'm his fiancee
Alex, are you....	I can't believe you didn't notice. My weight.  I lost ten pounds in Rom
Yeah!	Like I say, Phantom Mary's pretty weird... Lives alone, lives way out in the middle of nowhere with a cat called Pajamas and a cow called Fred. Well, last week I got a call from Phantom Mary, which in itself was very strange..
Really?	"He'd been shot. I didn't know that. He just crawled into the back seat, said ""West 45th Street"" and conked out"
Yes.	How does he tell you things
I thought it was my turn.	It is. I'll get this. You go ahead
Uncharted. We'll have to get closer for a more detailed scan.	Theories
What about what that guy said?	Oh, shit. That was scary. In the middle of the robbery. The manager looks at me. Right in the eye. And goes, I'm going to remember you
It's probably picking up another baby monitor.	That's right
Can I talk to you a second?	Table 122
I've just got to make one quick stop. Won't take a second.	What
I believe you'll find everything shipshape, Admiral.	Oh do you? Have you any idea, Midshipman Preston, how many times I've had to listen to Mr. Scott on the Comm, telling me his troubles? Have you any idea the ribbing I've had to endure in the officers' mess to the effect that the Enterprise is a flying death trap
The first time, when they attacked long ago, was The Beast here?	No. Then they were led by his underlings. But I knew he had come this time, from the ferocity of their onslaught, from their use of The Fortress. They use up much of their strength to do these things. They are taking great risks
When did the messages start?  The animals outside start showing up? After Harry came out of the sphere.	You think, in the sphere -
Let my daughter rest in peace.	Five minutes.  That's all
... love ...	Peter ..
Find the money.	I got a company...give us a million dollars, put their product in the film
You need trees for an avenue.	There was talk of planting some when we first came
I'm sorry? Your face looks awfully familiar, I just can't quite place it...	Mom, this is the guy that drove us home that afternoon we were stuck on the highway. The guy you yelled at for no good reason..
At-at-at-at-at.	Knock it off
Thank you. Why don't you go back to the video store?	It's the same thing with Veronica
Good shit.	Sure is good shit. It's opiated. I had it in my chamber for a while. I was smoking this other -
Yeah.	Please.  Sit down.  We'll drink some scotch
You seem very sure about that.	I'm absolutely positive
I'm sorry, I don't think so.	I'm waiting on some money coming through. It's just that at the moment, you know, I'm short. They're going to chuck me out. On the street in Bangkok, that's bad
I can't. They trust me, they accept me. I've got their confidence.	No, I mean maybe we should back off a bit, you and me
Who cares?	Now, now. He's a good boy
As a matter of fact, I'm a huge fan.	You just haven't met the right person
Where'd she been?	Visiting friends of hers in Palm Springs.  Just picked up and left, never bothered to tell us
Which flowers did you order?	We haven't. I wanted to talk that over with you, too
The Prince and the Count always insist on everyone being healthy before they're broken.	So it's to be torture
Lowell!	What
Good, good. I, I hope he does.	The sun hasn't even come up yet and you're drinking
Ahh, it's too late, anyway. It's too late.  Listen, I could shoot my way out, maybe take one of them with me... If you'd gimme my gun back.	I'd rather not..
"But ""nice""."	Very nice
Hi.	I knew there was a reason I wore a skirt today
Right . . . you want to tell him how you feel . . .	But he's never there
What a gyp.	Yeah
Gee, I better not, if it's okay. I still gotta drive back up to Los Ang-gleez.	See your son, huh? Well, that's nice. A side of you I didn't know, Lilly
That's right. We've got to bare it all. Here and now. 'Cause I think I'm finally ready to go for it...	Whoa! Wait a minute, Ronnie. Hold on. I know it's beautiful here. The sun, the sand, the sea and all that nature shit can really get to you. But we've got to keep our perspective here. This place isn't real. This isn't reality
I want to do something <u>positive</u>...	You want some <u>advice</u>
I lost my wallet.	The check, Bruce
I love this.  We're onto something really big.  I can smell it, Ray.  We're going to make some headlines with this one.	Hey, hey, hey, stresshound!  Are you nuts? If anybody found out about this we'd be in serious trouble.  The judge couldn't have been clearer - no ghostbusting
You didn't know about it before that?	No
Graham is an unusual name.	Yeah, I guess it is. My mother is a complete Anglophile, anything British makes her drool like a baby. She probably heard the name in some movie. She's a prisoner of public television now
--she was really paranoid, the bookkeeper.	That happens to people.  OK, go on
A medicine man?	Those are white words, not ours
Where are you going?	Out
Do you know Dr. Robert Towler...?	I know of him
Now you're the one kidding yourself.  Hell of  a mission.	Yup, hell of a mission
Poppa Joe, you want me to go now?	Yeah. Thanks, Rocco. See ya
But you'll do it?	I'll do it
Your Grace, if I am so tame as to take this, then I must give up an honorable and lucrative occupation.	I have said all there is to be said. I am at your disposal for whatever purposes you wish.  Good night
It's a totally normal, average neighborhood!	I just mean it's weird to me... I've never been anywhere near here in my life
You know her?	Sure I know Maya
Explain it so I can.	You work for the <i>New York Times</i>. Your whole job in life is not to understand things like me
Forty-four.  Forty-five.	I'd say you've got about two minutes
Thanks.	We know the wife is gone. I'll see if I can find out where
Oh Brad - Mmmm - Oh yes, my darling - what if...	It's alright Janet.  Everything's going to be alright
Yes.  Look at me.  Look at our -- the apartment.  What else do I have, other than records and CDs?	And do you like it that way
We spent it!	Ha. Ha
Steven buggin' you?	Do you have to ask
No, no, honey...  first the shoes and socks.	The socks?  It's cold in here
I'm off to a little watering hole. Why don't you join me? Relax.	No thanks, Matt. I need my eight hours
Well, the sun just came up again, and it seems the wind's died down. It's as clear as a bell outside. There's something I think you ought to see.	I'm on my way
Really?	Wouldn't lie to you. And they've got all-you-can-eat buffets. You can eat a lot, can't you
I told Jimmy the cops took our cars and froze our bank accounts and he offered to get me some money. Be wants to know what's happening. You gotta meet him.	Fuck Jimmy and the money. Didn't I tell you I gotta get out of here first.  I gotta straighten every- thing out with Paulie or I'm dead
I guess I'm a little screwy.  Maybe I could believe it.  Should I try?	Don't go soft on me, baby.  I've got your note in my pocket.  You wrote it, all by your own self. And I have to use it.  It has to be found in exactly the right place
It's beautiful.  What's it about?	It's a long song - Szerelem means love…and the story - there's a Hungarian Count, he's a wanderer, a fool.  For years he's on some kind of quest, who knows what? And then one day he falls under the spell of a mysterious English woman - a harpy - who beats him and hits him and he becomes her slave.  He sews her clothes, he worships the hem of 
Oh God, Sailor.	One bad car accident..
Do you miss Mallory?	Of course, I miss Mallory. She's my wife. I haven't seen her in a long time. What a stupid question
Well?	She needs a little time
Could we sail to Venice?	Sure. I love Venice
What makes you think you'll be able to control it?	He's totally unstable.  He'll make a mistake
...Make your approach vector negative fourteen degrees...	One-four degrees..
Ah. This is a biggie. Forget sneakers. Running shoes, jogging shoes, tennis shoes. Fifty to two hundred dollars a pair.	Come on. You can't be serious
It's a house.	I live in a one-bedroom apartment. What exactly does your husband do
The frogmen?	With their underwater experience, they'll be invaluable.  Take sidearms, and flare pistols -
How long are you planning to stay in Regan?	Until she rots and lie stinking in the earth
You're American.	So are you
What about a bee...?	What
I TOLD you not to make that deal, Saddam!	Who gives a fuck?! I was just fucking with him
It's Germans!	Kill the bastards
Keep it.	Jason...  They can't let you go..
Change?  You want my change?  I fought the war and lost my eyes just so I could give you my change?	All right, old man.  Christ
You don't know any way you'll trust me?	Nothing comes to mind
Will they really find work in Germany?	Who knows?...It's like an adventure.  Hope springs eternal..
He was only a year and half old.	What are you doing
That's Sammy, not me! I told you about Sammy -	"Like you've told yourself. Over and over. Conditioning yourself to believe. ""learning through repetition"" "
I ain't tired yet.	Maybe after we get done with him I'm gonna buy us some girls
Ain't no mystery to it. She's raised in them shanties off St. Luc. Dirt--poor.	Gold--digger, huh
Oh, Denby--have you seen Sally around?	No--I'm looking for Miss Marsh myself. I thought you might know where she is-
Love me.	Yes
What?	Do you have a soul-mate
Yeah, uh, that would depend, but yeah. She should.	Mm
The guy's a fucking asshole.	Not true, he's one of my best friends...He's got a big house and a Mercedes.  And you like Melina, right?  Well, you'll get to fuck her every night.--That's right.  She's gonna be Hauser's babe
You know how much those Well Child exams cost --	Of course I know -
I'm making <u>you</u> nervous.  I'm the one with a schedule.	Okay, try it now
Craig, this Roach.  Roach, this is my cousin, Craig.	What up, bro
The others already told me, O'Neil. They wanted to shoot, but you wouldn't let them.  Because you went soft on another women --	That's not right
Oh Jesus.	If what you want to know is does he have a bigger cock than you, then yes he does
Lemmee see it.	Sure. Sure, Bill
Oh my god!	I..
I apologize if I worried you.	A woman should not be out alone in these woods
Ask her.	Can the kid walk
Yeah.	It's yours. A gift. A gift you could give to your brother... or anyone you owe money to as partial payment
Why? What's wrong?	You are a valued customer, as you know
Fine!	It's still early. What's your next class
I grew up with Wally. I began my adult life with him.	Fine. That's all there is to it then
Want to hear something great? Bobbie and Phoebe are throwing me a shower. It's really gonna be fun.	Not as much fun as the bachelor party the guys are throwing for me
I'll tell ya something:  it made me a model prisoner.  Put me right off any escape attempts.  Tunnel my way to freedom after that experience?  Not bloody likely.	I was inside once.  I punched a cop at a demo
Yeah, we'll find something for you.  Shoveling shark shit or something.	Sharks??
Easy, huh? Hell, I don't know that it was all that easy then... an' we was young an' full of beans.  Bill... if you was mad at 'em... if they done you wrong... I could see shootin' 'em...	We done stuff before for money, Ned
You got something in mind, Blade?	Ultra-rapid detox.  They use it on heroin addicts, make 'em go cold-turkey in one night
I do.	Why in God's name did you fly all the way here then
Do you feel good about it?	No
I'm going to cuff you and leave you in that house.  It may take awhile but you'll be found after we're long gone.	That's not good enough
Maybe this wasn't just a trick. Maybe you're in danger of real love, real involve --	I do not love him
What?	Your little pact.  Jessica told me all about it.  Way to go, Kev
Oh. Well, I just talked to Cindy this morning. She loves California, but to quote her, she says, 'The Secret Service is getting to be a drag.' I guess she wants her privacy...	Huh... I'm glad they're along with her, if you know what I mean... How about Jack
I didn't beat it; I hid from it. If you were smart you'd put a down payment on a burial plot and say goodbye to the dog, because what little life you have left is over as you know it.  Don't make new friends, don't fall in love, and don't ever bother trying to save others.  That's the worst killer of them all.	How can you say that?  What kind of monster are you
Well gee--how--how've you been, Saunders? I--I haven't seen you in-- . I suppose--now that you're married--	I'm not
Listen, Jo-jo. Does this mean anything to you? Joan Gale's body swiped from the morgue -- Did you ever hear of such a thing as a death mask?	I used to be married to one
Not to be crass, but what do we get out of this?	Don't worry, he doesn't mean money
Why?	A good deal, like this with us, for Burnett will be good only temporarily.  He'll get restless because he believes nothing is forever.  Life is dust, make it while you can.  He's ambitious
I know because I go in your room and check the bottles.	Still not a question
Get down -- where?	Right here, why not? I prayed in saloons, I prayed in the street, I prayed an the toilet. He don't care where, what He wants is that prayer
Why?	The nature of the business.  You remove your competition
Some.	Where are you from, Captain
You havin' any luck findin' out who did him?	Shane was a friend of yours
Ha. Ha.	Look at the way we live.  I'm a plumber. You think I'd be working if I had money?
The homelesses?	Oh, please
I could fight you on this.	You could.  But, if I leave without your signature, this agreement begins to disintegrate; benefits shrink, options narrow, compensations shrivel
Oh, wait, you mean that place that has the big sign with a rooster on it?	It's a cockatoo
The third one is moving off too -- a fourth one is forming...	<U>Urgent</U> signal from Starfleet, Captain!  <U>All</U> Earth defense systems have gone dead
How can this be? How can you do such a thing? Is this plain? Is this the ordnung?	I have done nothing against the ordnung
You don't believe in curses, huh?	No. I believe if I can see it and I can touch it, then it's real. That's what I believe
Uhh, it's nice to meet ya. Uhh, we got burgers and hot dogs here if you'd care to join us?	Can't stay, I'm just here because my wife....
Kinda gaudy.	He was having some fun. Yeah, well he's dead.  Come on, let's go in
So what's the deal.  You and Terry Valentine at twenty paces.  Is that what this is about.	Why not
Half.	What else then
So who else was there besides Jackie? Huh?... huh?	Baby, don't do this. I do love you
Yeah.	It was banned, you know... and it led to an investigation of Dr. Becker's mistreatment of some of his patients. That's when they found out how badly he was drugging his patients..
You're a hell of a flyer.  You can be my wingman any time.	No. You can be mine
Don't worry...about the transformation, Maya.	"What do you mean ""don't worry?"
Go???	You know I'm not allowed outside my myself after dark
Everybody is at home, it's no good.	Let's have a look anyway
And before that?	Six month stint on Datus
Yes. The pressures you feel, and again, I am neither labeling nor judging them, are keeping you from fulfilling your potential -- you're in a rut. So stop the Tom Foolery -- the Shenanigan's, Will.	You're right. I know
You will have to realign the targeting array of the quantum torpedo... and reprogram the warhead for the localized detonation.  There's only one torpedo left...	I guess I'd better get it right the first time
Does it have any favorites?	It likes all the sappy stuff: 'Cumbaya,' 'Everything is Beautiful,' 'It's a Small World' -- but it loves Jackie Wilson
His blood... on the floor... It brought me back.	Back from where
"For many eons the peoples of our world have lived together in harmony. Then there appeared among us three anti-social elements - what on Earth are classified as ""criminals."""	My kind of people
There was nothing in the atmosphere of the North Star to put me on my guard...	Two glasses of ice water with ice
I don't really know where Thea comes from. The Vice—Consul at Adrianople brought her to me..	Her name is Thea
The next few weeks I would like to know where you are all the time.	Why
I couldn't believe it.  I was thinking of you by then, a lot, wondering what it would be like if we did meet.  Like if we could take a time-out...	Really?  I was thinking the same thing. If we could call time and get together for a while
Go on Mike.	They want me to go to the conference with Sollozzo.  Set up the meeting for two days from now.  Sonny, get our informers to find out where the meeting will be held. Insist it has to be a public place: a bar or restaurant at the height of the dinner hour.  So I'll feel safe.  They'll check me when I meet them so I won't be able to carry a weapon; but Clemenza, figure out a way to have one planted there for me.  Then I'll kill them both
Have you thought about a wife?  A family?	No
Sure, sure. That's all right. That was a great story, Bingy. A great story - wish I'd printed it.	I gave you the breaks, didn't I? That hairy chest story
Everyone has to practice.	I just want to listen
Look at you, Zeke -- you're just as white --	Here, here, what's all this jabber-wapping when there's work to be done?  I know three shiftless farm hands that'll be out of a job before they know it
I'm the one who watched the show... I was...	Did Chloe crack
I haven't seen that much, but so far it looks great.	Well, wait till you see the rest
Where did this body go?	I said, someone came last night --  Look, this isn't a carnival -- people call and they make an appointment and they follow the rules -- everyone signs in and out -- this is a serious place -- serious work -- it's not just to come in whenever you like -
Miss Bodwin. They brother and sister, darlin.	Oh
Isn't that what you'd expect them to say?	Absolutely
A Runner... Cathedral. A woman.	You're not going, are you
I know that answer.  If we went to trial would we win?	Yes
Shit ...	Run it..
Howard, give him the keys...	Gimme the keys to get outta here
What are you doing here?	Mickey told me to come back to work
Goodnight. Don't worry. I won't keep her out late.	Thank you so much. Good night
No you mustn't, my child.	But why, Son of Malkovich
Priests keep pretty tight mouthed then?	That depends
Hello! You're like, a lawyer.	Not yet
Hey, you're not alone.  We have to stop him, I'm with you.	You just feel sorry for me
Huh?	'Cause if it's long enough, which I doubt, why don't you wrap it around and fuck yourself in the ass
Eli, John is a carpenter.  As well as being a fine policeman.	Eh? Well then, maybe he can go to Zook's barn-raising, eh? See how good a carpenter
I'm an electrician, not a wet nurse, y'know.	I'll set John on you
Having you here, Anna, firmly establishes what I've long suspected, that we really are the most desperate hot of under-achievers.	Shame
Hi, private eye guy!	Hey, the poet..
Honest, Mom, I saw him. It just opened up and he walked right in. And that great big iron man was moving around!	Bobby, you've been dreaming again
There out on a call, perhaps I can help you-	-Where
Excuse me. You seemed like you were in trouble.	I'm all right. I just can't stand to see people tied up.  I'm in the waiting room for hours, listening to Noel screaming. The only reason he's screaming is 'cause he's tied up
My arm!	Who
Thank you very much, sir.	So
Isn't there another route? So we can by-pass all this?	Yes...  We can transfer over to the Inner Ear, and go by way of the Endolymphatic Duct
I hated to wake you up.  How about some breakfast?	No, thank you.  Thank you so much
You on your way to trial, too, general?  Or do you think they've already had our trial?	Why you
Let's go.	No sauntering down the aisle.  Just make time.  Let's just get there
You think life is some kind of ocean voyage and you start out with buntin' and hollerin' and high hopes, but the damn ship goes down before you ever reach the other side. Luke?	Here, Mom
What does that have to do with... ?	If they keep Ed on for one full month, he gets a balloon payment
Well.  You don't have to <u>stay</u> out <u>here</u>, why don't--	I've come, I'm here, I'm staying. Unless there are ticks
What're you doing?	Better safe than sorry
What... ?	Abe Lincoln..
Yeah.  You look... great.  I mean it..	Really?  Lieutenant
What do you think?	Do you have money
...and how long did she work here?	Oh, five years, give or take
But that leaves another seven or eight pints of Chimera.	You mean that leaves Miss Hall
Looks like a train ticket.	Where to
What, come on?	I can't do it.  I want you to finish, but I want you to live more
You--or the Vancouver Police Department?	We try to be decent
Somebody...	Yes...
I'll take the iced coffee.  You only live once, right?	If you're lucky.  Then again, it depends on what you call living
I'm going to go in.	Just play one set of downs. I told them you were great
Then God does not exist...	I have not spoken to him..
How old do I look?	Twenty-five? Around there
It was so cute how he had his own little bags. I thought I was going to start crying!... Do you think they're gay?	"What about the ""striking redhead in the yellow dress"""
What's this?	Your pay
I wrote that when I was twelve... where'd you get that?!	I know. I borrowed it from your grandparents because I... I... it doesn't matter. Don't worry, they're fine...  Look, I used to feel that same way, said practically those same words, sitting at night in a foxhole in Korea...  I've chased you across the country, Betty, and I come to find out we're a lot more alike than you'd think
Ah, well, I think I've found the malfunction, sir. I'm in the Emergency Air Lock...	Not now
Yo son, check this out.	Dog, you look hot
I can handle the ship.  I can even handle Mr. Blonde Ambition.  But I don't know if I should be flying or playing Vegas in these suits.  Who the hell came up with them?	Victor did
I'm trying to make him a man but you keep babying him.	You're going to find yourself on the floor
Uh. Do you like England?	Classic!  Thank God. She says 'Yes!
You living together?	She's back in Jersey... going to graduate school
Get back here, Rool!	Ouch!  Let go of me
No!  He's very alive.  Well... sort of.  He's old, and frail -- but he's still Bela Lugosi!  And he's really nice.	Boy, I can't even remember the last time he was in a picture
Thank you.	Well. I can't stay
No.	What do you think?  Guess
...For instance. I used birshot. So as not to blow the window.	I see
Pick you up Friday, then	Oh, right.  Friday
Everyone must leave the hotel now.	Why sir
I'm sorry.	Me too
I see. You mean he just sort of fucks you.	Johnny
You have a point there. That's a very good point. We're having an affair. Right. An explicitly sexual relationship. Your needs. My needs. You're absolutely right.	You should probably get dressed. The boys will be home soon
We have to get going.	I am not flexible on this
There was a mistake.	I'll say. You killed his goddam girlfriend instead. Now they're onto Neski. They're at the Brecker Hotel even as we speak
Spock, we're on leave. You can call me Jim.	Jim
Who?	Harry Zimm. The man happens to be a major Hollywood player
I think it's rather extraordinary.	Extraordinarily morbid, maybe
Please, Mister President, I am extremely shy and do not wish to endure this sort of personal humiliation.  Here is the only other camera I have left.	See!  See, I told you
I really should go. I really need to catch my ride.	I didn't want to go. I was too nervous. I thought, maybe you were a nut. But you were exciting. You called from upstairs
Kill him.	Course not
Is it safe to move her?	Safer than leaving her here
That's all beside the point. The concepts are valid, wherever they originate.	Hmmm..
Listen, will you listen? They're trying to get me. They're comin' out of the walls. The army's done something to me. I need you.	You need ... a doctor
What are you writing in that book?	It's my bird book
So that's how we stand, Baron.	Look here, sir -- I'm completely at your mercy -- I'm desperate -- it's a matter of life or death -- I had to get some money -- tonight
How was it?	You didn't miss much. Rob and Carrie say hello
Isn't this fun!	Can hardly wait to do it again
Where do you think you're going?	You gotta let me go, Daddy. Please..
You don't need to sit next to me right now.	Who were you talking to
You won't come on too strong.	Well I don't want to seem desperate or anything
Then Robert was right about a Russian connection.	They’re getting their weapons from the Russians, but where are they getting the money to buy the weapons?  I can’t help thinking...the person close to King, the one who switched that pin..
Jerk. Here I am, throwing myself at you, succumbing to your wily charms, and you call me a slut, in so many words.	What about Sing
Should we bring the police into this?	No, not yet
What's normal?	Bogey Lowenstein's party is normal, but you're too busy listening to Bitches Who Need Prozac to know that
He knew the penalty for breaking regulations.  He ought to pay without sending you to beg.	You know he wouldn't send me...! You misrepresented what you saw and caused this.  I, too, was at that farm. It was as he said..
Where were you trained?	At the Memorial Hospital -- here in Ottawa
Oh God.	Ever work with vets?  These kids act like they've got D.S.S. -- Delayed Stress Syndrome. If I didn't know better, I'd swear they'd seen heavy combat
If a man cannot earn, he must borrow.	Well, this is hardly the way to go about it
What do maniacs always want?	Recognition, of course
You're just saying that to get into my apartment and then you're hoping that'll turn into something else.	I wouldn't mind doin' something else, but I do really have to pee
Why didn't you tell us about the party you boys were planning at the capitol?	Shit man. It was... you know spontaneous
Hey.  What I don't get was why didn't you take the shot inside the restaurant?  I mean you had me, a free shot.  That's what I would have done.	It's just a shoot-out then.  Sixty- forty, at best.  Not my odds
Dell, what's the last thing you can remember?	... I don't know..
And then we get here, the Castavets', where last night's shit--storm took place.	I see. It's like as if he's going in a pattern. Is that what you're saying, Bill
How long?	Three, four days
When you been in prison three years, it don't take long. Let's go.	Why
Madame Colet, I think you deserve a scolding. First, you lose your bag--	Then I mislay my checkbook-
I'd like that. You could see the blood squirt out.	Harold, I think you're getting carried away here
What are you going to do about it?	What can I do? I'm dead. Debbie's going to go crazy and end the whole thing
I'm sorry, Danny. It won't happen again. I'm going to use a brand-new power cell. Plus we'll have a back-up timer.	I've gotta kill some Jews, Kyle. I'm serious. I'm always talking about it. This time it's gotta happen
What if--	Look, you gave me some work over the last year. We'll call it even
You sure?  I don't mind...	No, I actually <u>want</u> to stay for a little while
You're too modest.	But the new hero will be a man of science and of peace--like me. He'll disarm you, of course.  No more guns, no more guns
No - no lights.  We don't want anyone to know we're having a party.	I may spill something
And you; you've got it all together.	I don't want it this way.  I wouldn't kill you just to kill you, but I can't let you lose the gold for me.  Not when we're so close
Sounds like my husband.  He never came back either.  At least not after Flavors gave him a commercial break.	Ah yes.  Farley Flavors.  You know, I find it..
My God... did you get a look at who did it?	Yes
Yes, I...	No, you don't know what it is.  It's not for me.  This money's for you, for when you come back from England with honors to set you up, so you don't have to depend on anybody again.  Diane, I take better care of these people than their families do.  I care for them, I give them flowers, I feed them, I wipe their mouths..
Look... that's awful generous and everything...	It's not my money.  The woman I got it from is never going to give it a second thought.  Let's not make a big deal out of this, okay?  Go be a race car driver.  Go run for President.  Whatever
What chip?	They have it in a vault at Cyberdyne...  It's gotta be from the other one like you
No... I mean, will you GO with me? That's like... what they call it here. Going together.	Sure
They'll have me.  Teach them.  Don't let them become like these ignorant heaps of citizens without history, without philosophy, without meaning. Teach them of the Greeks, the Babylonians, the Hebrews, the Numidians, the Egyptians and the great Romans.  Teach them, who we are!	You teach them
Look, there's not much of a call for Shakespeare in this town.	"There's just something about being ""Goofy"". Any other Disney character would be fine. There's just this stigma associated with the character"
Well, thanks for the ride.	Look out!
Should I?	A huge law firm. Okay? They put him in the firm, he's married, everything's superb. Franky, he's starting to talk like he comes from Dorsetshire, some fuckin' place, 'You must drop by with Pat and me...' Okay...
Take me home.	Home?  This is your home. You're dead
Yes, sir.	You're fired
Sod it, it's broken!	You haven't switched it on
I've got to feed my cat.  Besides, I want to get to bed early.	That's my girl
I can't get Rae on the phone. She's not at home... none of her friends seen her anywhere.	She's around. Always is
The guy ain't here yet.	You're kidding. It's almost eleven- thirty
Gary, you're quite an animal.	Screw you..
Whatever you say, Boss.	No, Al. Whatever we say. We're all Bosses here. We don' need another
What?  Well, for chrissake, we could have made a stand at our place!  We had food, water...	You can't fight'em that way..
I don't know, Willow.	Madmartigan, you promised me you'd take care of Elora Danan like your own daughter.  She is all that matters.  Are you going to abandon her
Well--how do you do, M'sieu Laval?	The pleasure is mine, madame
Hello, Don.	Hello. Wendy
I hear things, too.  People call you the Mayor of Darktown.	Over the years, this is the one place that's always been there. I loan a little money out, settle some arguments. Got a cot in the back- people get afraid to go home they can spend the night. There's not enough of us to run anything in this town- the white people are mostly out on the lake now and the Mexicans hire each other. There's the Holiness Church and there's Big O's place
No.	Been drinkin' today
"Sqweeep.  We innerup this programme to bring you this special news bulletin --  ""Aliens from Reticula 3 have hijacked Patrick Peet and injected moly headcheese into his skull filling his entire brain cavity with cosmic slop..."""	I was planning on waiting until I got the place cleaned out, but -- like the man says, carpe diem
You're very frank, Clarice. I think - it would be quite something to know you in private life.	Quid pro quo, Doctor
Do you want to take a session?	I just want to ask some questions
Yeah.  Poor guy.  Have anything to drink?	We haven't checked
He doesn't want to meet some out-of- work ingenue.	I'm trying to prolong our afternoon. In case you haven't noticed
That's fifty thousand, huh? It doesn't look like that much.	I was told ten thousand in each pack
Those are good burgers, Walter.	Shut the fuck up, Donny.  This kid is in the ninth grade, Dude, and his father is--are you ready for this?-- Arthur Digby Sellers
Ion drive will engage in... T-minus ten minutes.	Let's go
Like me?	Yeah. Someone like you who divides his time, fairly evenly, between the batting cages and bars
Why can't I go out there with you?	I don't know...  One of us has to be here in case Arbogast's on the way
Them's the keys. All you gotta do is shoot me an' you an' English Bob can ride out free as birds.	Is... is it... loaded
Yes Sir, and it has been so for 127 years.	Yes, but... So, you haven't got a room left
No.	A young man seeks her. A young man about the age I was when I met you
Your Honor, this is absurd. The woman's obviously in love with him.	What's that got to do with it
I know how he found me.	It's called a transponder
You know how that Toby is.  Thinks every man he sees is after his Jenny.	More like Jenny is after every man she sees
How do you know?	It's terrible -- you just made it up
Whenever you wish.	Oh, dear -- that's too wonderful to be true! Oh, it's -- it's going to be so hard to say goodbye.  I love you all, too.  Goodbye, Tin Man.  Oh, don't cry.  You'll rust so dreadfully.  Here -- here's your oil-can. Goodbye
I'm a Pine-Sol man, myself.	Don't be a dick. That stuff'll kill her
Then do it.	Fine, I will
...for Christmas, okay?  Every magician needs a white dove, a <u>real</u> one, they <u>do</u>!	Well, that's a long way off, sweetie. We'll talk to Mom and Dad..
Yes.	You paid off the doctor.  You set up the fake body.  Yes
"Pardonnez-moi, I cannot tell vat is ""like me""."	An angel is like you, Kate, and you are like an angel
It's probably from being around all this food every day.	Oh, I know. If I had to work here all day, I'd be bloated and out of shape, too
He's financed some of the biggest breakthroughs of this century.	You'd never know it
I understand something.	It's not like that. It's not you. It's me. My head. I want to go back. I want to be with you. I want to be fine. I want everything to be like it used to be.  It just isn't
What?	It's a lead mine
Do you always walk around with a sword?	New York is dangerous place
I didn't want to hurt you... All I wanted to do was to keep from hurting you.  I swear I didn't want to hurt you.	Well, whatever the hell you wanted to do, you are going to tell me everything right now.  Do you understand?
You're so unconcerned that you have a killer in your midst.	Right now, <i>your</i> presence is creating more of a threat.  I don't think you have any concept of what we do here--how meticulous our preparations must be.  We are about to send twelve people through 140 million miles of blackness to rendezvous with an object the size of a house and the color of coal.  So it's rather critical to point them in the right direction. And we certainly don't need you looking over our shoulders.  Besides, I don't believe there is any evidence that the killer <i>is</i> amongst us.  I don't see too many other dead bodies littering the place
Cancoon.	Why Cancoon
What do you think?	What do you mean
Lovely.	I also wrote one part... I wrote I'm sorry... I was talking about I was sorry when I got mad at you when you came over and you told my son that he ought to answer back so I wrote that.  I was sorry for busting you on that... and I'm sorry for busting in on you that night... when I said I was never... I was sorry and I'm sorry every time your food was cold and that you had to wait two seconds for a coffee filler..
Buckaroo, you got a minute--?	Not really.  This is pretty important
What other case?	Eight years ago. The Chinatown hit
Is that tooth here? Did anyone see it?	I don't have it
What the hell.  What is this?  A joke?	No joke, Lieutenant
That's impossible.  I'm a doctor, I'm --	And I'll be a visitor
It was cool last night.	I have to go
Was..  ...seven years old. I was on street in Suk.  Buy.  Sell.  No family to take care. I learn.	Learn what
Nancy, don't fall asleep in there.	I won't
You were in the m- You were in the building.	I was in the building
Don't worry, Jennifer.  Someday your prince will come.	Yeah, just make sure you do first. Let's go, guys
When I was sittin' behind a desk in Washington, it made sense, somehow. Blame it on my big brother.  He was Spec-Recon.  And the stories he used to tell...	If you got a good one, Wick..
What does this mean to you?	...I had a dream about...something like that
Who cares what he spells it? Read the letter.	Dear Miss Laury...I take pen in hand to let you know Ethan and me still are trying to catch up with them Com- anches the late Mister Futterman told us about..
Well, whatever the hell happened it's just one more goddamn good reason to haul ass out of this place.	You got that right
Wouldn't be no use. I'd still see 'em inside the tent.	You git. Go on now, git. You ain't doin' no good. They ain't enough for you
Just the man I wanted to see!	Turn on the T.V
Not another word!  I can't believe you're doing this.  I'm going to see Max tonight and you're trying to ruin it for me again.	No, I'm not..
Yes.  I think I <u>do</u>.  I think it is a phrase you used with that woman.  You told her you were an <u>orphan</u>.  You <u>used</u>, to your mind, your most private fears.	...no..
What?	You've got to go to sleep now
And do you amuse the guests?	No.  Are you really going to drink that stuff
You brought it back to the Church. And then it made it's way back to me, again.	Yes
Sure Allan, I'll be there.	Dude, uh, tomorrow is already the tenth
"...that filth is better left in the ""Sin Cities."""	A.k.a. Minneapolis -- St. Paul
Other than we had so much fun the last time we worked together.  You gonna tell me why you're comin' to me instead of the FBI?	I report to the FBI, first thing they're gonna do is ask me to go get some coffee
God, I m so mad at him!!	You should be. He lied to you. So did Cynthia
She told you that?	Uh-huh
Yeah.  She was the one called Joanne. How'd you find that out?	Just a guess. Did you have it good with your wife? You know, sex
Hungry?	Just some coffee
Will he talk to me?	No
... I don't get it done often.	Whew
What's that?	Enedina and Paco ..
And you say he doesn't remember any of it?	Not according to his teacher. It just got me thinking about Jason and what if Evan's inherited his father's condition
Whatever it is you're upset about.	Oh -- no. I'm just sort of disturbed about things
Oh? Anything I might have seen?	N-not yet. I'm hoping to get a grant for this one project on teenagers. Geez, remember when we were teenagers
Why not?	I'll be right back, it's just that this girl is a different girl... she has attacks
Okay. Remember when they took your office chair in for repairs and forgot to return it?	Yeah
We're not allowed to tell. May I have the stamps, please?	Here --  Wait a minute -- how did Carson Dyle get an office in here, anyway
OK, ok...	Sell 'em if you can't smoke them
I'm afraid this is no time to play Cyrano, my friend. What was in your mind?	I wanted to get things clear for Jacqueline. Let her know -
It said in the paper he drowned in a swimming pool.  <u>In Newport</u>.	Nobody dies in Newport.  They couldn't even kill Sunny von Bulow there.  Harriman drowned, but it wasn't in Newport
Just giving you something to remember me by, baby.	Zander, no...
I think it's gonna be a waste of time.	The police used him as a witness in this case
What did you say?	Vampires, Mom!  Everywhere! You've got to tell the police! The newspapers!  The TV stations! They'll listen to you.  They'll believe you...  you're a <u>mom</u>
You know who I can do without? I could do without the people in the video store.	Which ones
I beg your pardon.	All right, girls - from the top again
No, but there are four guys back there you might check out.	Thanks, buddy
Yeah, well we never had this kind of problem before.	What are you talking about? Yes we have. And we would have been beautiful about it. We would've had a bucket of chicken delivered to the King with a nice kiss my ass card attached to it. Then we woulda moved on 'til the next local putz caught on
All righ...	Good.  How long ago did your wife die
Yes, but I—	That's all, Miss Bennett
Do you remember who gave us this?	No
You, too?  My name is Betty Mayfield. I was born, and I am here. Message ends. That's what I told him. He didn't like it.	I'm different. I like it fine
Fucking.	For Christ sake, I said it, I didn't do it.  Besides, I don't think they were too offended, do you
Why are they doing this?	Are you kidding? This is like Christmas
Seems like I needed a ball when I was trying to be like my pops...or trying to be better than him.  Now, I kinda think I need to try something else.	Like what
Only six?	What is this?  'Twenty Questions'
Thank you.  What is going to happen tomorrow?  Exactly?	You are to be killed, exactly. They'll give you a sporting chance, but just enough to make your murder... entertaining.  Romans like to mix their metaphors:  laughter with their executions, you know?  If you survive, though, you will become a gladiator.  A gladiator at least gets a fair fight
Sure. Why?	I'm going to the store
Isn't it a lovely day?	What happened to summer
I don't know why you didn't tell me about this.	It's embarrassing, okay
Steady, Daniel Boone! You don't want to miss...It makes them think their medicine's stronger than yours...	Ay-eh...That's jest what I tole Joe Powers...That un's gettin' kinda sassy, ain't he, Ethan
Governor Dickerson? Of Florida?	That's the man. He's been holed up here ever since the shit hit the fan. Him and his family owned these islands 'round here. They was leasin' this one to the Fed. The whole underneath is dug out. There was missiles here and laboratories and bomb proof housing, nuclear power, all o' that. Now this is Dickerson's....Gasparilla's... private fortress. Him and a bunch o' his cronies from all the best golf courses in Tallahassee...and his private army, of course
If you guys are right, if we can actually trap a ghost and hold it somehow, I think I could win the Nobel Prize.	If anyone deserves it, it's Spengler and me. We're doing all the hard research and designing the equipment
Until he comes. He's a nice guy. You've met him.	That comedian
What the fuck is this guy doing?	This ain't no cop
Right. They were worried. They figured you guys were too soft. They wanted something to stir you up, tap into your anger, you know? And we did it. The most powerful thing I ever saw. Even a bad trip, and I had my share, never compared to the fury of the Ladder.	The Ladder
And exactly what business are you in, Mr. Bond?	Insurance. Lloyds of London
<u>So</u> you, the dead, want me, <u>the</u> <u>undead</u>, to throw the live guys -- Mommie, Daddy and Lolita, who might not mind a tumble with an older guy, out into the cold? Even though they have paid hard casharoonie for your dump?	But... the Deetzes are <u>destroying</u> our house
Will you have a cigar?	No, thank you
I advise you to let us go.	You advise us
You made out alright.	Yeah, but at least I knew Rome was gonna be there when I arrived..
I'm going to put a guard on your door.	One officer already got killed trying to protect me.  Please, just take it all away.  Leave me alone
What?	It was a condition of getting Doug out
I could have you fired right now.	You won't.  That's why you're whispering
Selling scrap metal.	See? And what does this guy she's with do
Yeah, sure, and I bet you had lobster last night. Along with two bottles of champagne.	Just one bottle. I believe in moderation
You shouldn't listen to her, she's a nervous old Nellie.	She thinks someone's trying to kill you
Yeah. I'm surprised. It's really old...  Travels well though.  You know, the world looks a lot better from up here.	The world is fantastic. It's the ultimate absurd circus. I am shot from a cannon into the energy
Why?	I've chickened out. I'm afraid of him. He'll like that
There is one last thing, 007: Elliot Harmsway is vital to the economic interests of this nation. He's also a major contributor to the party. I expect him to be given every consideration.	Political considerations
You know, I didn't want to bring this up, but you have treating a lot of people with a lot of disrespect. Even your own wife.	My wife
As though you do what I say.	That's pretty funny, all right. What happened in Phoenix
4:30. It may take me a little longer to wrap things up here.	Four o'clock. Don't be late
Come sit beside me, sweet boy, and I'll draw you a map.	Nay.  Tempting as your invitation be.  Tell me one thing more
...snuck in the hospital while I was sedated, flipped back the sheets and shot pictures. The only decent thing he did was run a black square over my balls...	I know..
The damping sequencer was damaged by phaser fire!	Transferring controls to manual
Go away.  Go to that girl of yours.	Look, I was making that up because I thought the whole thing was a mistake.  I didn't want to hurt you. You've been good to me.  You're the only person in this stinking town that has been good to me
Wonder why he doesn't fly both ways.	The porters say he runs a braced card game in one of the cars.  $100 minimum, straight poker.  Last time he pulled in here ten grand heavier than he left New York
Where is he?	He's performing at some place outside of Richmond, Virginia
Merry Christmas, Mr. Campbell.	How’d you do this year, Tony
Do you know me?	No.  Should I
You should never wish to get melodramatic over anything.	Yes, you're right. I'm sick and tired of being like that
You been out there a long time. Trying to break my record?	I'd rather spend the next twelve hours Outside than another five minutes in this can. This ship is bad. It watches you
You know, baby, I can't figure you out.	How d'you mean
Those 'dirty looks'.  Defendant ever aim one of those at you?	He had no reason to
Hell yes.  He does this every year. There's nothing to worry about.	Okay, finish your count and get it up here as soon as you can.  I don't wanta be here all night
What are you gonna do?	I'm going to kill him
...T-thank you.	Do me another favor
Yeah. I'm awake.	Rooney's protecting someone. Who is she protecting
Thanks.  Jeez.  Not used to this man-woman, cat-mouse business. Generally the babes flock to me, I tell 'em take a number.	You're off the hook, Ozzie.  But Batman is decidedly <u>not</u>
You just relax, and call me back here in exactly an hour, on this phone, and I'll see what I can do.	Yeah, uh-huh... Okay
What amazes me, is Sandro. He seems so calm.	Calm?... He doesn't seem so to me... He was awake all night
Your father was a schoolmaster?	Of course.  I attended Eton -- it wouldn't do for a master's son to attend where his father taught.  I was to go up to Oxford but the war broke out and I never made it.  The Great War, you know.  You had a Good War, but we had a great one
I don't think you know Dr. Sheeler. She's the other therapist here in town.	Of course... I've heard great things about you
Really.  How wonderful for you.	Yes.  It was, actually
No, she's getting married.	To you
I don't know if I can quit. We're gonna try it together, like, you know, AA or something. And I made him give up his .22. No more sneaking around the hills with his fucking nut gun like some loony tune.	He agreed
What's this, sir?	That's my license and registration. I wanna be in compliance
Supposing one of those cables breaks under tow.	Then we'll all be doomed. Any other questions
So why do you keep the picture up? You wish you hadn't quit?	Well, I -- Jerry, the point.  Get there.  What does it have to do with the President
Why?	The TV didn't work
Damned hunters.  It was a trap, and you were the bait!	I didn't know... I didn't...  It was so lovely... he was in my lap like... like a baby... and... I..
I would not have thought it. There is something better than a play.	There is
Oh great!	Hey there's your Dad and Shelly
Go away, Nosey.	Saunders--it's meat and drink--lemme at 'im! Five minutes--! I'll make it right with you
Oh, you'd go to jail.  If the play were a hit, you'd have to pay off the backers, and with so many backers there could never be enough profits to go around, get it?	Aha, aha, aha, aha, aha, aha!!  So, in order for the scheme to work, we'd have to find a sure fire flop
She's got to be found. That's the first step. She's got to be found so that she can give herself up to the police.	We've tried so long to find her
I fought for you... and I still fight for you.	You fought for me...?!  ...you manipulated me... into where I am now... staring at the Brown & Williamson Building. It's all dark. Except the 10th floor! That's the legal department. That's where they fuck with my life
And our forces?	We're down to approximately fifteen percent, Sir.  If you calculate the time it takes them to destroy a city and move on, we're looking at world wide destruction of every major city within the next thirty six hours
So early?	Rough day. Good night
I made you write a beautiful song...	No, you had me eating that Chinese food!..
Excellent.	Your usual table, sir
... No, I went in for more improving pastimes.  Philosophy classes, language courses, European history, all that lark. Did you know that in Paris in the Eighteenth Century there were more rats in people's houses than there were people in people's houses.	Sounds like Beverly Hills
All right, Amy.  Button your sweater, darling. It's turning cold.	Yes, winter's coming.  I don't like the winter
I eat. I just haven't had coffee yet.	Coffee and whiskey, lucky you ain't dead with that diet. Wait, I've got it. Half fried chicken with fries. Let's go, hurry up. Come on
There are things about love--	--Nothing
No, just that one word -- Zuul -- but I have no idea what it means.	"Spengler,  see if you can find the word ""Zuul"" in any of the literature.  I'll take Miss Barrett home and check out her apartment"
Um hm.  That's right, Maya.	So, if Christ won, that means, what does that mean, Father?  That Satan..
I wouldn't have let you.	Hell, baby, I'm not in the third grade. Well, look - what' we gonna do next time -- have a nice long chat in the parlor
I'm only half human.	Deanna Troi of Betazed. Empathic and telepathic abilities, ship's counselor. All of this I knew... But I didn't know you were so beautiful
Good evening.	I like your outfit. You got the fifty grand and the plane ticket
What are you talking about?	You know
Christ, can't you read between the lines!  He did everything he could to save him...if he gave himself up they'd both be dead!	Maybe.  And maybe they'd at least be talking to us!  Now tell your 'partner' to stay out of it, or so help me if he lives through this I'll put him behind bars myself
Check with your son’s bank. Banks don’t usually give out information about their customers.	I said earlier that my husband and I are supporting Leonard in his photography, Mr Lombard. By this I mean that since his return from America I have been depositing for him a monthly allowance in an account we jointly hold. So as you see, I did not have to break the law to find out if he used the account
If you were going to come back you wouldn't have taken me out tonight. You wouldn't have bought this dress. You're hustling me, Eddie. You've never stopped hustling me.	Now, I never hustled you. Even when I thought I was. You know it
Here is Seattle.  And here is Baltimore.  Case closed.	She doesn't want us to go to Baltimore.  She wants to meet us in New York City on Valentine's Day.  On top of the Empire State Building
She's unconscious.	Pulse
Where’s your wallet? Have you got a wallet?	Is this some kind of mugging? Because..
Well, I would know. I'm the Executive Sales Manager.	Yah, but 
It's six o'clock.  Time's runaing out.  Decide.	If I tell you, how do I know you won't just club me and take it back
"There aren't any.  If the filmmakers are happy, Simone's happy.  She considers herself an... ""instrument""."	Really?  Oh, so she's really going to do all this nudity
"I know how to say ""Hello"". Teach me how to say ""Good-bye"", that's all I need."	Apipoussan
What's the apartment house number?	125 West Ninth Street
Stupid cunt!	Caesar, stop acting like an asshole and think -
Is he alive?	I think so, but I can't get close enough.  There's a lot of blood. I'll try to find out more
You suppose maybe we're in somebody's field?	I didn't see nothin' planted
I've heard this one as well. Two of these brothers walked out of the desert one hundred and fifty years after having found the Grail and began the long journey back to France. But only one of them made it. And before dying of extreme old age, he supposedly imparted his tale to a -- to a Franciscan friar, I think.	"Not ""supposedly,"" Doctor Jones"
What's that supposed to mean?	Why are you even here, man? You could have told me all this over the phone
I'm all right.	Sure, but I'd like to handle it
Hey, Vernon. Can I ask you a question?	Shoot
What the hell am I doing wrong? Just because Jake is training, I can't go out? What am I, a goddamn prisoner?	No, you're his wife
Why do you think he took his gloves off?	Mrs. Leeds was a good-looking woman. I'd want to touch her skin in an intimate situation, wouldn't you
Sick?	Everybody's sick, huh?  It's fifteen after.  We always meet here, you know that
Watch it, I'm gonna fall.  I'm gonna go!	Balance, Kelly.  Bal-lance
Well, no... not really... had some famous people in the cab.  I got this guy who makes lasers. Not regular lasers, not the big kind. Little lasers, pocket sized, small enough to clip your belt like a transistor radio, like a gun, you know. Like a ray gun. Zap.	What hours do you work
When did you start smoking?	You'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. Daddy's a new man
As a child I hated being told how sweet I looked.  That angelic little face wasn't me at all.  I had to hurt people to prove to them they had the wrong image. Sometimes words were enough -- but I wasn't beyond inflicting physical pain in order to be taken seriously.  I enjoyed seeing the shock on their poor faces when they realized who I was.  That same look you gave me when I turned the gun on you.	You've had a lot of fun with me today.  What would you have done if I hadn't responded to your call
Why not? Sam, is she hiding here? Are you two planning to go away with the money?	How could I go away? I'm in debt up to my...  If she did steal that money...  It's hard to believe she did because it's hard to see why she would. Unless she had some wild idea that it would help me... us..
The important thing is to find the right lawyer.  One who will not protract the thing indefinitely, in the courts.	You know I am only too happy to be of help to you, but surely this isn't the ideal moment to involve yourself in such matters
Why?	Any number of reasons--pick one, it's as good as the other
But.  He was a night <u>watchman</u>.  That's what he was.  N'They brought back, his hat, his <u>badge</u>, an his <u>timeclock</u>.  N'then they took me off.  I <u>saw</u>... I saw.  Clear as day, do you, do they call it a <u>delusion</u>?  His hat an his badge.  Clear as day, bulletholes and all.	When
And you're drinking with them right now.	And I'm gonna finish my drink. And, I'm gonna have a good time, because I ain't doing nothing wrong
That's gotta kill him, right?	Outpost was his baby, sure. On the other hand, we just learned Gary Boyd owns the Skywire satellites. Personally
How we going to try and find out who's... you know, who's who?	Can you think of any other tests
He needed money?  For the operation for you?	It made him crazy - so much demand, he'd fly into this rages.  And I got more depressed than ever; I saw I'd never get the operation.  So I tried to take my life - I swallowed about a half pound of pills ... blues, reds, yellows, downers, uppers, screamers ... you name it. But I just threw them up and wound up in the hospital.  Sonny comes there and looks at me and just says: 'Wow!'  So when I hear he's in the bank, I almost go crazy because I know he's doin' it for me
That sets it off.	No, just do it real quick.  I'll meet you down there
But sir --	"No ""buts"".  If he wants to be left, we'll leave him.  Hello?  Yes, the subs -- I want a report...  Hello...  Yes, a report. Gimme... shit"
Give'm a drink.	I gotta talk to you
This album is all Carpenters covers by alt-rock bands. It's called If I Were a Carpenter. It is God. I'll rip a copy for you before you leave.	You don't have to do that
It's the smoke.	Joe! A little snifter.  Say, wasn't I a lucky guy to fall into a girl like that, huh?  Look at that! I don't know how I rate that, Gallagher. Gosh, there's a swell girl. I want you to meet her
Yes. I'm now in charge of the paralegal department.	Thank you
do you listen to this crap?	What crap
Some of them.	Stand still
Why?	Because you managed to resist Austin Power's charms
I've got my Seahaven Bankcard.	So we just eat into our savings, is that the idea?  I'd better call your mother when we get there.  She'll be worried sick - I don't know how she's going to take this
I can't... I can't move my arms. I hurt so much.	I know, but we can make it out of here. We can do it
You got a chance in that boat -- by morning you could be five miles down the river.	We ain't goin' down the river
So?	He's twenty-four now? A year older than you? And must be 'bout bald
Liz'll give you a lift.  She knows where to go and everything... I don't have time to talk, Rob.  I've got too much to do.	Sure.  I'll see you on Friday
Finch, don't you think it's about time you learned to take a dump at school?	When was the last time you looked at the facilities here
Well... the store at Saltzburg...  But you won't be going to Saltzburg for a while.	I'm going this morning
Very slow.  But we're not going to stop, are we?	No
That's right.	But why Egypt
No, you do it. I can't sing.	Stop that foolishness. Just do as I say and close your eyes.  Close your eyes. And think about... well, for a song like this, I'd say you think about what you love
See you, Warren.	Bye, Ted
Another contractor.	Someone hired both of you
No... no, I'm tired of talking, I've been talking for weeks, nobody believes me when I tell them anything... nobody listens to me.	Agnes..
No doubt. That's my moms there, taught me them skills.	You love her
I'm sorry --	Nothing to be sorry about.  That's the way with men and women, isn't it
If I wanted ta kill ya, I woulda done it long ago. It's not like you ain't given me reason.	I'm still the Boss of All the Bosses! And you'll do what I say
Great.	What
Angola.  My mother was being a surgeon there.  She volunteered. Mozambique and Mali, too...  ...those days, in those days...she was part of Cuba's gift to the third world.  She came from a bourgeois family with a house in Verdado...we still have the house. We will go there...	Where's she now
Up to there? Really? I bet I could beat that.	Ha ha! Yeah right, white boy! Ha Ha ha.  I think maybe I drank too much
I got something serious to dis-cuss.	Well what is it?  I'm not Kreskin
Her name is Kimberly Jane Emberg, she was just ID'd. I met her on a slab in West Virginia. And sometime tomorrow, or tomorrow night, he's going to do the same thing to Catherine Martin.	That's a childish, bullying stunt, Mr. Crawford. I was a battlefield surgeon, so you can put away your picture
No more deals, Kirsty. It's your flesh we want to experience, not your skill at bargaining.	No deals! Just information. Information. Free of charge. No strings. Just information
I'm Mimi -- I'm dying.	No
He's good people, Mr. Reuben. I swear.	You vouch for him
In your motorcycle example.  Those injuries are produced by the head being propelled <u>against</u> an object. Rather than the reverse, yes?	Obviously
Carl's a fiddler. What's he doing coaching piano?	Well, 11 months ago he was on his bicycle, on his way to the post office in La Roche... and he ran into a Jeep and sprained his neck..
Yeah.	But then when she got into it. She really got into it. It was good
Is it all right if we smell it?	Just don't drool on it
I'm glad you got your memory back, Father... Because you're going to need it... Where are the stones?	...Why on earth do the stones interest you
Wherever we want.  We'll get rid of anyone in our way.  Even your father.	Shut up
I thought you said you were innocent a those charges.	Well I was lyin' - and I'm proud to say that that sin's been warshed away too!  Neither God nor man's got nothin' on me now! Come on in, boys, the water's fine
You know I have lectured at the University of Maryland in your country?  Also University Michigan Very nice country. We both go back.	If I get bail, Mister Yesil, they say it's easy to cross the border into Greece
Get up, Billy.	No! No! No
You're pretty drunk.	Not really. My room's not far. The Whole Year Inn. You can drive with me if you want..
You're damn right I am.	I do not get cold
Trajectory indicates it came out of the Arachnid Quarantine Zone.	Number 4, contact Fleet and tell 'em there's a loose asteroid headed their way
Yes.	And your sexual tastes were something that you hid from Miss Lawson
What do you want, Biff?	Show me some respect, you little asshole. It's Special Officer Tannen to you
"Why should the sale not stick? Hey, fuck you.  That's what I'm saying.  You have no idea of your job.  A man's his job and you're fucked at yours.  You hear what I'm saying to you?  Your ""end of month board..."" You can't run an office. I don't care.  You don't know what it is, you don't have the sense, you don't have the balls.  You ever been on a sit?  Ever?  Has this cocksucker ever been...you ever sit down with a cust..."	I were you, I'd calm down, Shelly
Fifty thousand dollars!	But I didn't kill that man last night. Honest I didn't, Mr. Dickson
Paul!!  Paul!!	Don't you trust your own eyes
He wouldn't say. You gonna follow her?	She leaves, somebody'll be on her
You pitiful, miserable creatures!  You dare to challenge the power of darkness?  Don't you realize what you are dealing with?  He's Vigo!  You are like the buzzing of flies to him.	Oh, Johnny.  Did you back the wrong horse
The speeders should be ready in the morning.  They'll make the search easier.	Is there any chance of them surviving out there
You're saying, I don't understand?  I'm the <u>only</u> one who does understand.  I'm the one you lived with for two years, I'm the one you made promises to, I'm the one who spent too many nights looking up at these rocks and wondering if you were ever going to make it down in once piece or ever at all.  Believe me, there's been times I didn't know what I wanted to do more, love you or hate you.  But the one thing in our relationship that I did know and still do know is that I <u>understand you</u>.	Why are you yelling
I dunno.  Do thigh high, leather boots go with a cocktail dress?	Philip!  We'll need shoes
Are you comfortable?  Do you... want to move to the bedroom?	No. I can't. Not yet
There are important papers from --	It can wait.  Anything else
Finally, some common sense...	What do you mean
What am I supposed to tell Brady? Sorry, but I've got to baby-sit my foster sister, go and have fun by yourself.	Its not exactly the end of the world, for goodness sak
Everything all right out there, Tom?	Right as rain
Man, I'm clean.	You made three sales to your roaches back there.  We had to chase you through all this shit and you tell me you're clean
Please listen to me --	First things first. You can have a telephone when we've talked. Do you know who did this to you
Do you know them?  I made him some noodles for dinner. You can heat them up and --	I've got to get back to the -
Whoever sent you, I'll pay double.	Mr. Dumbarton
Oh, God! Don't kill me! We're on the same side! The boss musta sent you in as back up, huh? Oh, shit, please! I'm Rocco. I'm the funny man.  They call me the funny fuckin' man!	Where's your gun
Oh... um, William.	It's a nice name.  William, I'd like you to meet David.  David... William
We got tonight and tomorrow to get our shit together. The day after that they're shippin' Mallory. That's when we do the Mickey Knox interview, 'cause the next day he goes.	Would the network really not run it without the interview
She tells me to keep away. She is to marry Lord Wessex. What should I do?	If you love her, you must do what she asks
Danny, listen, people expect me to daven; they don't want someone they don't know -- leading their prayers.	Get out of my way
Jack. Jack Bangs.	Right, Jack Bangs. Uh... guy was always talking bout fixing the place up. Maybe get a better crowd. Musta gone and done it while I was in the Mountain.  I don't know this map, man. How the hell am I supposed to tell you what door goes where
Noooo!	Jesus Christ lady..
Nice piece of work, Fox. Why don't you join me and the partners for lunch tomorrow in the dining room?	I'd love to, Mr. Lynch, thank you
It's not! I enjoy it! I look forward to it. It's the one thing I have to look forward to.	You don't have to say that
Yeah, we were goin' over everything. That's why all the bags.	I called you last night
Yeah...	I hear the dog really liked him
Oh, no. Oh, Christ. No, you don't.	You need a new car anyway
Tent poles.	Uh-huh
If I spent half the time on my Fractal Evolution thesis that I spend on this fly rod, I'd have my PhD.	But at what a price
All right, we'll make it red.	No, don't let's have it any color... no color... just a house house... let's form our own party
And are the police sure about that?	Why don't you ask them
That's all you've got to say?	-- yes
Hello...?	This night, this reunion will be an important step in our relationship
Okay. Good tits. Can't we show them off a little more?	I guess so, sir
Mr. Chekov, I've lost the Bird of Prey. She must have cloaked.	Raise shields
What the fuck is Dignan doing with that cop? He loves them.	There's a million places to hide around here
Morning.	Morning, ma'am
Hey. They got a shitload of cookies.	Take 'em
That's good.	Enzo, don't be angry.  I was lucky... that's all
I've had it with you.  I'm leaving.	Bruce Wayne is out of his mind.  Next time you call him up and he can't go out Friday night - - think it over
No, what is it?	Why don't you explain it, Bobby.  Hey Camello!  You mind punching a hole in the floor
I don't know what you consider it -- but if you don't stop it, I'm getting out of here.	You'd better before you catch the disease
You touch her for the first time, and suddenly... you're home.  It's almost like...	Magic
Jonathan?	Yes
Sure.  Every bunco man in the country knows Gondorff.	There's word he's gonna run a con on the North Side here.  We got a year-old Florida warrant on him, but it's a thin beef, and he can beat it in court unless we catch him cold.  All we want you to do is pick up Hooker for us
Leave.  Now.	Can I say something in my defense
Oh, I didn't notice, where'd he go?	Down the ... er ..
So what Jew would you kill first?	Ilio Manzetti...former ambassador to France. Managing partner at Damon, Schwarzchild
I don't know, I'm afraid.	I don't know either
The message doesn't show a lack of intelligence.  It's smart.  It's approaching us in a simple way.  Like you would a dog.  Holding out your hand, letting it sniff, get used to you.	What am I -- a dog, now
Elaine, ask ROK for a field interference scan.  Those sun spots might give us a problem with our communications.	Yes, sir
That's right.	Well, whatever reasons Mrs. Christian has for engaging the services of a private investigator, I should certainly be a party to. But, since she feels differently, I can only go on the record as having expressed my adamant disapproval
It's everything we wanted.  A very good read.  A terrific piece of work.  So, here's to you and Suez.	And to history
Darlene, it's five-thirty.  Now, I worked late for you this mornin', and you didn't wanna spring for over-...	...-time,  remember
My compliments to you, Miss Stella. This is what I call a saloon.	Thanks. That's what I call it too
I mean he murdered someone and did time back in Boston. The guy's a freak.	Jeez, Mary... I'm..
Ummm.	Have you considered my offer
HEY, OUCH, damn it!! Vada, watch what you're doing.	Sorry
No, I was going to give it to her -- but she left hurriedly.	Then suppose you give me the money. Four hundred and fifty dollars
Yeah.  Roadie for Metallica.  Speed of Sound Tour.	Uh-huh
Where did you get the coconuts?	Through ... We found them
That's right, white bread.  Give it up.  Right now.	Okay, okay... hold on.  Don't go getting your panties in a knot..
Well, thanks for coming.	You didn't get that break you needed, but you went as far as any man could, bubba.  What can I do for you
Well, good. Woman like that you don't have to keep an eye on.	Guess I'm not a single type guy
Please	I like you
Do you keep any drugs in your house?	No. Of course not, nothing like that
For work.....	I don't have any business here. I came here for you, I didn't have any business
Atley Jackson came to see me ...	Atley Jackson. How is that one? How's the leg... 
You just got to get yourself a good lawyer.  And some money... Talk to Max.  He's been in the longest.	How long
Every one of these women thinks she should be the next Angel of the Month. It's your job, Ted, to decide which of them is right.	Let me get this straight..
I've already seen your photographs.	Yeah, but I enlarged this one.  Thought you might be interested
You must admit it's possible that it might have been a man.	Just barely possible - - yes
But if you're one of the misfits... that's where I come in.	I didn't say that I would run... I just..
Nachurly. Jus' like I'd tell you.	Nachurly. And that goes for Herman, too
Don't worry. The lurker ain't around. I checked.	That's not funny
So when you were saying Bob's at the store and acting real surprised, that was just an act. You were just --	Bob went to help his brother. I understand that and I can't help it if you don't
Just take it easy, this isn't my fault.	Maybe it is! How the fuck would you know?! You don't know a fucking thing! You can't get scared, can you get angry?
Just hold on!	I can't
How did I beat you?	You -- you're too fast
I understand. The person who sent me wishes to help you.	How
They're good, Norm, but you're better'n them.	Yah, ya think
What with?	-- A brillo pad, I don't care, anything
And because he's my friend.	Friends don't help other friends cheat
No.  No.  He didn't mean anything by it at <u>all</u>...	Hello?   No, operator..
We got it.  On your feet.	I want to sleep.  Can I sleep here
What lecture could be more important than the will of Baron Beaufort Frankenstein?	'Functional areas of the cerebrum in relation to the skull.
Not one bit.	Where's Sid
That makes it okay?	They stole our land-
Let's popeye around the Chez for a half hour, catch the end of the show and a couple drinks.	Some other time Jimmy, I'm beat
My ballet recital.	Dad
All we need is a couple days, Henry. A couple days and we'll get Lonnegan down and stomp on 'em.	You just won't learn, will ya. Hell, you come in here, I teach you stuff maybe five guys in this world know, stuff most grifters couldn't do even if they knew it, and all you wanna do is run down a bullet.  You're just like all them new jerks. Lotsa nerve and no brains.  And ten years from now when me and the others are through and you dumb guys are all dead there won't be one gee left who knows the Big Con was anything more than a way to make a livin'
Gotcha George, not a problem. Tomorrow. Hey, you want to start covering the old filmed entertainment sector yourself?	Ben you know that's your territory - and I wouldn't dream to trespass - you're the expert. Hey, how do you think Paramount's gonna do with that Blatty novel, what's it called? The Exorcist
Yes.	Listen--I took a steak out of the freezer.  I thought we could have a real old-fashioned stag party--just the two of us, what do you say
That's not what it's about, Brian. The point is there was a kid in there. And what if there'd been two? I went in because that's what I do. It's my way. It's dad's way. It isn't everybody's way.	Dad's way? Where did he tell you that? In a fucking seance
Okay?	Okay
You're right, I can't make you do it. Besides, you're probably gonna be too busy with the Franchise Tax Board anyway.	What are you talking about
It gives details which couldn't be invented. Naturally I want to verify it and that's why I need you.	You want me to go to Constantinople
Rose, Rose, Rose, you poor miserable little child, don't you know I love you? Do I have to put my hand on your body or kiss your pretty lips to prove it? You are beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved you since you first came here, darlin'. And don't you know Mrs. Hillyer loves you, too, that she's already taken you into her heart, and that that woman's heart is as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the stars?	Oh, I know. She's so sweet, she's been so good to me..
I told you the uniform wouldn't help.	It helped more than you know.  Down deep, people were deeply affected
I almost forgot....	I didn't
How do you make a living?  Your experiments, does it pay well?	It's okay
Last night, Larry Spinks, he works the Steel Press, he goes to a bar with his wife Rosalie to have a glass of chianti 'cause it's his birthday, and these two guys, these Guido mother-fuckers, they jump him when he goes to the bathroom.	L.T., in this office I'd prefer you say Italian-Americans
Who gives a shit about the fucking marmot!	--We're sympathizing here, Dude-
Not from where I stand.	It's not me you have to worry about. It's her.  She wants you dead, Jake. She wants you dead and she wants your money
I like the one with the dragon's heads a lot. But the black one's filled up with too many heads...  I'd take some of them out.  I think you're painting too fast. I wouldn't put in so many heads. Let it breathe a bit.	It's always how you would do it. This is my version
Goin' out.	Goin' where
Buck Duff.  I was in Maxwell's boost in Troy.	You the Duff that didn't come up with his end when Little Jeff was sent up
He needs me. Without me all that money is just gonna sit over there in Cabo. Sugar?	No thanks. There's gotta be other ways to get it out
Charlie?	I'm doin' business here
We will take the Lewis and Clark to a safe distance and then launch tac missiles at the Event Horizon until I am satisfied that she has been destroyed.  Fuck this ship.	You... You can't do that
Goodnight, Mr. Wilkins. Mr. Pike.	Goodnight, Claude
I had another dream last night.  The dead man laying on top of me and I had nothing to eat. And the ghosts without skin stuck their fingers in me and said Beloved in the dark and bitch in the light..	Don't say those things. You forget about those dreams.
Before that.	I didn't call you anything before that
What do you know about it?	Nothing! You're putting me on the defensive
Here -- Three minutes.	Yeah -- My ol' man who was never the sharpest told me -- I weren't born with much brain so I better use my body
Hello?	It's Daniel
I don't believe it.  I come all the way down down here, break a heel, and you're not gonna give me a chance because I have gum on my lip and I'm a few minutes late.	You're an hour and a half late
Imagine my surprise, finding him on a liason with a common servant.  A girl who had apparently become his secret love.	No one will believe your lies, whore
You'd tell me anything to save your pathetic life.	You know what kind of woman Grace is, Jake. You know how badly she wants to get the fuck out of Superior.  What's she to you, Jake; a woman who wants you dead?  Let me kill her.  All I want is two-hundred dollars to get out of here with
Charenton? The administrator there is quite well-loved, is he not?	I'm afraid so; he's an idealist. You'll have to be politic
Scuse me... scuse me... we're the next act...	Everett, my beard itches
That's a reasonable possibility.	He might've heard everything we said in the car
Oh, my dear God...	He was dead.  He had to be dead..
OK. One last thing. Is there any anger in you? Any anger in your work?	Should there be
This date -- is it just a date -- or is it something serious?	It used to be serious -- at least I was -- but he wasn't -- so the whole thing is more or less kaputt
Yes, I do, Mr. Gardner.	May I ask why
I heard a noise.	Where
Thanks, hon. Time to shove off.	Love ya, Margie
We did talk about Naomi.	I said: Are you sure? You seem unsure
Donut, get your camera. See if it's broke.	Let me check on Scott. He's hurt bad
Either way, maybe there's a book in it, and they both make a ton of money.	It's a <u>serious</u> sociological study
Who are you, sir?	My name is Orson Welle
So you feel like coming into a lady's room -- and you come... What now?	I'd like to smoke a cigarette
Well, how 'bout that?	Come on
You've got the wrong idea about me. I'a a pawn in this just like poor Roger.  Can you help me find him?  I'll pay you anything.	Yeah, I'll bet you would.  You gotta have the rabbit to make the scam work
I don't know how to deal with this. It's hellish.  Like nothing I ever saw.  I'm not trained to deal with a monster, a supernatural creature like that.	It's not supernatural.  Mbwun is an animal.  Part lizard, part human, a genetic freak of some kind, like the half-goat, half-sheep they found last year in the jungles of Vietnam
That's a face you don't forget -- he was there too --	Herman Scobie. And you've never seen him before, either
What is it?	Something he said, just before..
Thanks ... I love you.	I love you too
I've heard crazier things this week.	All right.  Whoever she is, I'll admit she seems to know more about Krueger than I do
I saw him. Just before those bastards zapped him back. The ADM is in the wine cellar, in a bottle of Chateau Margaux.	I didn't know he had a wine cellar
Are you sure there's no mistake?	None whatsoever. Please, Mrs. Lampert -- be careful
That's not the point.	What's the point
My I.D. cards.	No need, si
Right. Now listen carefully. I want you to bring David here. I want him in my care. I'll notify the police that we've found him. It is imperative that you bring him straight to the hospital. Do you understand?	Yes, Doctor
You married?	Ah, no. I was.  It's hard to explain. She had a hard time adjusting to, well, maybe it was my fault too
I love you.  Most beautiful woman in the world.	Hardly..
You left her.  How's that for a fact?	How's this for a fact?  I loved her first
That's what I'd like to know.  Lost transmission at Cable Junction.	Did he raise the Kids
I think you're very sweet, Corrado.	More so than the shark
Well -- what are we going to do about it?!	I am going to do nothing about it. <u>You</u> are going to sit in the closet
Oh... that's the time you went away.	I caught up with Lednov in Nogales. He didn't like the idea of comin' back across the border but he came. I turned him over to the sheriff and -- that's the story
And keep a journal of your symptoms to make sure it's related to your period and not just in your head.	It's not just in my head
I know what you want.  But, first of all, are you cops?	No
But Bela Lugosi's in it!	Lugosi's washed-up.  What else you got
What do they want from me?  What have I done that's so wrong?  They act as though they don't have their own peculiar things... They do! Believe me. Everybody's got something...  Even you probably have things.	Me more than most
Okay.	Do we have a deal
Well look, if nobody minds, truly, then I suppose - I shall, of course, be bereft	Oh
Where you married?	yeah
What is it man?	I'm looking..
You're crazy, you know that!? You're fucked up!?	Just drive
You'd like me to conduct my own debriefing.	Why not?  You've done just about everything else on this operation
I'm...so sorry.	That's okay
When I was a young man we used to recite Cato... We would come together recite it like they were words from heaven.  Devotion to country, duty, purity of heart... Purity of heart.  I was drunk on something then...	That's when Sally Fairfax was tutoring you..
Bullshit, Grace.  You were going to drive off and leave me here.	No.  I swear it
She took our wedding photos, for chrissakes.  You don't trust anyone.	I trust you
Because I can hear it.	Well, then stuff cotton in your ears, because come six o'clock we're gonna walk into that dining room with smiles on. Understand, little brother
That's Butt-Head. Don't you get it, Beavis. These dudes have the same name as us.	Yeah, we should party
I lied to her, and then I stole from her. I don't see how you can call that a good deed.	You made her happy. And the camera was stolen anyway. It's not as if the person you took it from really owned it
You're in a good mood today, George.	Yeah, baby. Things are great. Listen, there's Devra, whatta you want
Oh dear, I feel like doing a bit of work.	Good lad, Ringo
Just come by to wish you luck.  Need anything?	No, we're all right. Thanks anyway, Tommy
What to the rebels want?	Oh, the usual.  More money, more freedom, more air
No.	Is he some kind of celebrity or something
Miss Cartwright, what is it I can do for you?	I'd like to ask you about the claymore
That's not so.	Do you know what his soul said to me without saying a word? When he put me in that trance..
No. They put out two or three for every one I needed. When you get to the one you'll use, you just stake it out. If something feels wrong, you just pass it up. On one mission, I had to pass up three and ended up living on rats and chocolate bars.	Nu Mung Ba. Last I heard, Walter Kurtz commanded a Green Beret detachment at Nu Mung Ba
<u>Abort</u>?  Reed, I put my company, my name, billions of dollars on the line, and I will <u>not</u> let you make me look like a fool --	Victor, if we could understand what happened to us -
What mess?	there's this thing out there.  This paternity suit
I <u>did</u> what she said.  I <u>used</u> my words, I <u>told</u> him what I <u>felt</u>, and they...	...laughed, yeh.  They laughed real hard
Shhhhh...	Just hold me
Are you sure it is dead?	I'm going to put them on the cat
Right?  Buddy?	I just want you to know that even though you tried to terminate me, revenge is not an idea we promote on my planet
I know, I know.  I read the manual. No attachments.  We work alone. Blah. blah.	If you don't have anyone to tell, you won't tell anyone.  Believe me, you get used to it
"Then they weren't created to go after your ""patient zero""."	No.  They've been training to hunt you
Can I come in?	Yeah.  She's sleeping now, I mean -
Luke!	What
What was that word, young man!?	Oh, he said rim job.  It's when someone licks your ass for
Ax?	A pet idea--you know--pension bill-- save the buffalo--you've got *one* notion you think would be good for this country, haven't you
Did you worry about him?	Nobody worried about your father
Hey, c'mon in, man. I was just -- you know -- smokin' a fatty, watchin' TV.	Naw, man. I gotta be someplace. I was kinda hopin you could come with me
Did you?	Yes.  I've never enjoyed it more. Thank you
He told me to -- he said he wanted me to --	Quite a little shopping spree. How do you spend six figures in less than six hours? Oh, never mind I've seen it before. I've seen everything
Afraid he's got no choice.  I believe I broke his jaw.	Hugh, I'm impressed.
I mean, I couldn't do that in front of John, even.	You couldn't do it, period
I've discovered something interesting, Charles.	... keep them from that area, on grounds of relevancy.  What, Bob
Look Shelly, you're my roommate and I like you... most of the time.  But you gotta stop doing these things.  Now, I set this date up for you, didn't I?  So don't embarrass me.  When you meet this woman, just relax and be yourself.	Would you be yourself...  ...if you looked this this
No --	Joe knows what you're saying, just being polite -
Don't get upset. I lied too. I don't make no five hundred dollars a week. Everything I make goes to Granville.	Granville
What'd you talk about?	Oh... different things, prison, movies
No, I don't know.  Tell me.	To change our minds
Fine, fine.	Well, how are you then
Oh, baby, what an idea. I'd always be happy to see you, no matter what.	I know, peanut. But it wasn't all like you were so unhappy I was there, just you were upset. My bein' there was upsettin' to you. You had some kids there, little kids, and I guess you'd got married and your husband was comin' home any minute
Miss Schmidt, we know he is somewhere across the canal in the Russian sector... You may as well help us. In a few minutes Colonel Brodsky will be questioning you about your papers. Tell me where Lime is.	I don't know
Really, he'll be home soon, would you like a cup of coffee?	Alright
Enjoying our hospitality?	No
Oh -- there's no real thing -- it doesn't exist.	I thought that, too -- but I found that it does. Come along, dance with Kringelein
Nevertheless what'? Kendall will testify and that'll be enough.	Not for me
You're unbelievable. You'll win this thing for sure. When is it on?	Marathon starts at 6:30. Contest's tomorrow at noon
Will you please be quiet! We must have order here.  This has to be some sort of mistake.	Mistake? We're all alone here. They waited until everyone was on shift-leave to do this. Reliant is supposed to be at our disposal, not vice-versa
Sheriff Dylan, this is FBI Agent Thomas Mackelway. Remember me?	Hi there
Think Sloan's back?  What's wrong?	Nothing--I just found out that Jeb Magruder from CREEP is a bigger bike freak than I am.  I never like it when the other guy's human..
That makes you an expert I guess.	Too right....Now the other thing we've got to do is start clearing up the rubble. Can you make a start on that
Mulder --	It may be extraterrestrial
I don't make small talk --	-- Obviously
Wh--, uh, I know, I know but, I am in love with you.	Oh, don't say those words
I doubt that.	Why
I don't know why.	I thought not. Birds have been on this planet since archaeopteryx, Miss Daniels; a hundred and twenty million years ago
I'd rather not.	Come on, it'll give you a great view. It's perfect.  Hey
Otho, you've got to help me get Maxie Dean up here.  I have a deal that could make all of us very comfortable.	He's a cloven-hooved beast
I don't know. I've seen them so many times before. I guess any spot gets boring after awhile.	Well that's only if you're in the wrong spot
I didn't use you, Max.	I didn't say you did
Frank.  Fuck it.  Okay?	I've tried to do well by you, Jack. By both of us
I'll tell you, Bobby -- I've been away for a long time. Very far away.	Is it different where you've been?  Don't they have places like this
You had my help, detective.	If anything happens to her while I'm here -
Who's first?	Alphabetically, on the CREEP phone list, Miss Helen Abbott of South George Street
Finally, some gratitude.	We're grateful, Ted. It's not that. Those Craftsman tools...they're a dream come true
Come on, Rob.  My relationship with Laura has obviously disturbed you a great deal.	Funnily enough I haven't been too thrilled about it
I know all you are going to say —-I have been saying it to myself, but the thought will not leave my mind. She resembles my wife -—there is something about her ——the way she moves —— the way she turns her head.	But that should make you like her
Oh . . .	I thought when we put him on the Board of Directors, he'd ease up on us a little bit
You think I manifested the snakes?	Someone did
Your name, please.	James McCord
You haven't started in on the internal organs?	Just the blood sample from the pericardial sac
I have no idea.	You've really no idea? I'll tell you what happened. He died in Stalingrad
It's Lynn.	Miss Bracken, don't ever try to fucking bribe me or threaten me or I'll have you and Patchett in shit up to your ears
What's the first?	Lawyers
And I was in it?  What did I do?	You were very upset.  You're always very upset in the dream, but I never knew it was you before
Nice tie, Lt. Anus, sir.	You think you're so hot just because you can get into any club. You think you're so hot, just because you have sex with great- looking women.  You think you're so hot just because you broke the Ensenada tape piracy ring..
The Graf Spee...	The Graf Spee..
Caesar, what are we going to do?	They're just cops.  Stall them as long as you can
There is some good in you, Lex, after all.	You'll have to pack quickly
When can I have one?	We'll see Regan.  Now about those party invitations......
Damn, you're a shrewd one. Shrewd.	I just want to show different kinds of people can get together and it doesn't have to be Vietnam. You don't get treated badly here do you
Ohh!	H-he's so awkward and he's clumsy like me..
What?	You understand what's going on?  It makes sense, right
She’s pretty... See you, huh?	Bye bye, Jane. And don’t be naughty
How is bank?	Fine. I thought you were leaving today
Now, what did we steal?	I don't know...  Well I don't!  It's a goddamned mystery to me just like it is to you.  But I do know who we're working for.  My people, and the Russian mob
Never mind, Strudel. It's part of music, getting used to an audience. Aren't I right, Herr Mozart?	Well, yes! on the whole. I suppose.  How long have you been playing, Fraulein
No...	Thank you, Betty.  I know if I can just sleep this off, I’ll be fine..
He was right. It's insane -- anything would have been better.	Have you found him
I think it is.	I thought so. Come on, I'm in a hurry
Morning Painless. How they goin'?	Big day. Two jaws to rebuild
There's a better place for us to eat.	Did something happen; are you alright
What's the message?	I have to tell you.  It's strange
Good school. What year?	Second
I knew it, I knew it. Things are getting complicated.	No, John, things are getting real simple
Fine, no, not really, they arrested my cousin, but Jurek says they'll let him out.  This is disgraceful.	Don't worry, it won't last long
Yes, ma'am...	Will you come with me, please
Not you.	What some brandy
Oh, I am, honey.  You see, Russian tanks are crossing the Afghan border this very minute.  And we are all of us, every living soul, in deep, deep shit -- because our number-one strategic weapons has finally flipped out.	Jon??  You mean he's -
Absolutely not.	Toss you for it
I own the property, my mother owns the property, I put her into it. I'm going to show you on the plats. You look when you get home A-3 through A-14 and 26 through 30. You take your time and if you still feel.	No, Mr. Roma.  I don't need the time, I've made a lot of investments in the last..
This looks familiar...	Ahh, Rodin. Mmm! He's the fuc-  I mean, he's the best. You must go to the Rodin sculpture garden, in the huitieme, it's so beautiful
To what?	"Write.  You know, a book.  I'm calling it ""Six Crises.""  It's a good thing, Rocky -- take some time off to write"
Bruckner's Seventh. The Adagio.	Who's conducting
Wolfi.	Yes, my love
How could I?  Dave, as you know, President Kennedy was assassinated on Friday.  A man named Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested as a suspect and then was murdered yesterday by a man named Jack Ruby.  We've heard reports that Oswald spent the summer in New Orleans and we've been advised you knew Oswald pretty well.	That's not true.  I never met anybody named Oswald.  Anybody who told you that has to be crazy
They'll go on early.  Nobody will even be there yet and I told them they can't play for more than a half hour.	It's no joke.  I'm responsible for what happens, you know.  Embarrassment aside, there's a lot of money and effort in this, at least by my standards.  I have to put down a deposit for the room.  I have to pay the pressing plant for the records, sleeve them, sticker them -
Harry? Oh Harry, I knew you'd come. I love you, Harry. I love... Take me home, Harry.	We'll get you home, Frances
What's this?	That's the good stuff
You're back.	It's Monday morning
There was a bit of confusion on one of my last jobs.	I thought, and correct me if I'm wrong, but weren't you trying to play both sides 
At that point, basically, that has to be it.	You're not going to tell me the rest
Morning. Any calls?	Mr. Reed would like you to call him
What do you mean?	To go to the theater. Wears I don't know what. Make-up, padding
I don't get it.	You haven't told him
Oh Christ.	We'll get you a phone as long as you promise to stay put
Bren took Liberty Bell to her tot ice skating class.	Tot ice skating? Tots can't ice skate. Liberty Bell's still getting the hang of stairs
Shit.	What is it
That's really nice of you Mayolia.	Let me into your world Walter... let me into that white hot inspired world
I never been to a commune. I don't know. I saw pictures in a magazine, and it didn't look very clean to me.	Why don't you come to a commune with me
You are a Catholic??	Amongst other things, yes -- but that's hardly the point
How do you get from <u>here</u> - to <u>there</u>?	Switch hands
Listen, get a good night's sleep - tomorrow's another day.  Feeling sorry for yourself won't help.	I'm sorry about Steve, not myself. I'm even sorry for my brother.  To be so lonely, without one real friend in the world - to have to hang on to a worthless rag of a girl like me because she's his only real family 
And what exactly is it that you can't take anymore of?	Everything!  Prison -- humiliation -- being abandoned and betrayed by everyone -- I can't stand it anymore -- I'd rather die
You heard the news.	I hear Twombley got shot
What about Don?	Before Black Vomit starts its set, Don will have his head blown off. The papers next week will reveal that he was partners with Bobby, Johnny, and Collie in 'the Grendel Records scam.'  He killed them to pay off a debt to 'the mob' or something lame like that.  And then the mob iced him.  It's all more tasteful than it sounds
Women?	Yeah 'women.' If I was a fag I could get laid in a subway
Tell me the whole story, Walt.	There's this native broad works in the laundry. I don't know if you've noticed
"""Really?"""	"""My parents are right upstairs! They think you've left..."
No.  Yes, I want to know what for. But I don't want to ask.	I'm going to Kentucky. To Louisville. With a friend. Try to make some money. I need it, the money. I'll be leaving early in the morning
Don't say that.  I had a marriage of convenience with Grace, and look where that's lead.  Well, looks like we got ourselves a pact.	Do we shake hands
Seventeen ships destroyed, we don't know how many got away.	Anything on the Millennium Falcon
Fine.	Anyone special? You know..
What?	Nothing
It's a start.	Yeah, with a finish in about a decade
You're not really serious about this, are you?	All right, don't join the Israelites. Perhaps you're interested in how a man undresses.  Funny thing about that. Quite a study in psychology. No two men do it alike
There are cables overhead.  Hang on.  It'll clear up.	I've lost you.  You're gone.  I can't hear anything
My son was in the hospital --	What the fuck are you doin with a son
Early don't think women should smoke or curse or drink liquor.	So you don't do any of those things
Well, that's a long time.	It's not that long
Uh-huh.	...read it over, and think about it
Sheriff Hogan --	Dwayne
Yes, Mr. President.	Why
Soldier of Fortune.  Business Week. New Republic.	Show-off
It's just that Darren and Lizbeth are in charge of organizing and setting up the new campgrounds.	All the little kids arrive today. We're not ready to deal with that alone
Yeah it turned out okay.  We applied for a National Historical plaque for it.  That'll be the third one on Main Street.	You're doing it, Adam.  You're saving this town
Miss Harrington's resting, Mr. deWitt. She asked me to see who it is...	We won't disturb her rest. It seems she left her award in the taxicab. Will you give it to her
Over three-hundred.	I'll tell you what, if I'm still alive when it hits five-hundred, I'll let you know and we'll split the money
No.  Not remotely.  I just want to find out about him.	You want a tail.  I got a guy in Seattle -
...No. Why was it.	I thought I was keeping someone from being hurt and actually I ended up making sure they were hurt
Aren't you afraid somebody could steal your car like that?	Look at this car.  Are you kidding
I'm just bringing him over to give Jane a look at him --	I thought she'd be here.  I'll go with you
What?	It's happening again
What do you want?	Australia
Have you done this sort of thing before?	Me? Of course! I've been looting and pillaging up and down the coast
That's correct.	"According to the deposition, you said you were ""thrilled, impressed, overwhelmed"" by the quality of Andrew Beckett's work. Do you remember saying that"
Listen, I've got to give you credit. Your disguise is nearly perfect. I mean, if you fooled me, and I am nobody's fool --	No, of course not, Lois. You just get carried away sometimes. Believe me, I understand -
You mind?  I'm working here.	You're the one who keeps talking about going with the flow.  You like the man, you like the way he plays.  How about a little jazz, huh
Have you ever been in Messina, son?	Yes... Twice
Did Mr. Doyle think I stole this case.	No, Lisa -- I don't think he did
That's Bright Eyes. The one I was telling you about.	What's so special about him
I saw Desert Sun, I wanna tell you...	No, I was, I was, I was just <u>learning</u> on, it's a..
Where are we?	Southwest of Corona, somewhere. There must have been another cylinder down here.  They've been through this whole area and cleared everybody out.  There's a farmhouse.  Let's see if we can find something to eat...
Don't do it, Mike.	Shut up
I can't take her with me.	Nobody asked you to
I'll be right there, fix them a drink.	...we have 37.2 million invested. At this point, we're up 3.1 million and some change. If it goes to 75 bucks we can clean close to 12 mill
They want me to take the Water of Life... the Truthsayer drug... so dangerous, yet... we must move swiftly if we're to secure our place among these Fremen.  I will try to pass within.	Death may be the result....  Are you sure
Well, we're here for about two weeks, then whatever else comes along... we're still working on our album and...	Great...great...listen, I'm very interested in you guys because I'll be opening a new club myself soon... uptown...and maybe we can work something out..
I . . .	If you know where she is, tell me where my wife is
Hang loose.  We got all night.	That maid saw us.  She could identify us too
He's dead.	How
I know you need one when it's really cold.	[Cutting in] MacKenzie, listen to me. Listen. I'm going to die
Sorry. What?	HE GOT CAUGHT! Your boss tried to pull a switch and he got us all fucking pinched
He must stay for the feasting days of our wedding, and tell his deeds himself.	I grant you your wish if you grant Lady Guenevere hers
Don't talk like that. How prominent? What are you implying?	She's doing like those Iranians. `I divorce thee. I divorce thee. I divorce thee
So are you. You've got a vision.	Vision? I'm a walking anachronism! I've upset my parents. I miss my kids. I could be trapped here forever! And poor Charlie...I got pregnant on my 18th birthday and we had to get married. Tomorrow's my birthday! I've got to get out of here now
What's the difference?	One's a lot more painful than the other
I met him at the tables, same as you.  And frankly, I'm grateful we have a little muscle right about now.	What tables?  I've never seen him before
What are you going to do. bleed on me?	I'm invincible
Get inside and get pictures.  Fifty bucks.	Can we make it a hundred
... But all the decision of that officer ...	Yes, I see
Look, why get into this again. As long as it's working, let's leave it alone.  It's been nice so far.  We're together --	-- Permanently
<U>Why</U>?!	The Creator has not answered
No, I don't want any clothes! I don't want anything! I want to get out of here!	Judy, you've got to do this for me! Please
Carnes? Wait.	Davis. I'm not one to bad-mouth anyone, your joke was amusing. But come on, man, you had one fatal flaw: Bateman's such a dork, such a boring, spineless lightweight, that I couldn't fully appreciate it. I wasn't fooled for a second. Now, if you'd said Price, or McDermott...Otherwise, it was amusing. Now, let's have lunch or dinner or something. Hilarious, Davis. A killer
We're really in a terrible rush.	Don't rush me, sonny. You rush a miracle man, you get rotten miracles. You got money
Why doesn't Talby ever eat down here with the rest of us?	He just likes it up in the dome, that's all
Let's just run through it one more time so I know you've got it straight.	Okay, I pull the access panel off of the console.  Insert the disk, and press the green enabling button..
Can you do that?	I am Chief of Police. I can do anything I want.  You want to come
Enough to discern its tenor.	And --
Hard to tell what's shakin' in a place like this, honey. You don't want to be walkin' in the wrong door.	Maybe there's a place we could hear some music. I feel like dancin'. We could ask someone
I'll explain someday.	I hope
Ernie Davis.	Right, right.  I used to play a little ball myself at Whittier.  Of course, they used me as a tackling dummy
Oh, would you stop lying Mother!	Why would I lie
But that's the thing. Girl's like it slow. They like romance. They like things to be sweet and romantic.	Yep
Well, when 200 students are hospitalized with stomach cramps I think it's newsworthy.	Nevertheless, you could have mentioned the sauce.  Well, I see you have a camera
Sure. I wouldn't blame you, either.	Who's the guy she's gonna marry
Von der Null?	Yes, von der Null
Of which we have more than enough.	INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
Please not, 'The two kinds of people' speech.	... People that were made to be parents, and people who were not made to be parents... My parents, were people who were not made to be parents but had kids anyway.  I don't want us to be that way Ellen
Did you believe in them too?	No.  I did not.  I have never told anyone this, Neo.  After I saw the Oracle I thought... no, I misunderstood what she told me.  I believed that it was all about me. That I would find the One, not that he would find me
How?	They inject virus-like serums to attack the neuro-systems.  It's like cracking a computer.  All it takes is time
As a hummingbird returns to the fairest blossom.	What a fine meal you'd make, be the rest of you sweet as your tongue
Jacob Fuller. Jacob, that's biblical, ain't it? What am I askin' for, of course it is.  What are their names?	Scott and Kate
Stuck, who? What guy? Huh?	Shut up! Aw..
He's better dead. I know he was mixed up - but not like that.	I knew him for twenty years - at least I thought I knew him. I suppose he was laughing at fools like us all the time
What the fuck happened to you --	What the fuck happened to you? One minute you're next to me and the next you're gone and the sky lights up like fucking Christmas -
58th and Central.  You know it?	South Central
Say hello to your mother.	Do say hello to your mother
When you and I use to attend rallies in college, we helped to create awareness. But from the inside now I can actually effect change.  I never lost my idealism.	And exactly what changes are you trying to effect
It's me.	Oh, it's open
Send some bodyguards.	I don't need them, Sonny.  I'm just going to see Pop in the hospital. Also, I got other things
I am so ashamed.	What for
One hundred twenty decibels - head on collision of a '54 Ford Pick-Up and a '64 Chevy Station Wagon. No survivors. Balls of flame and grinding metal.	Uncle Pooch died in a car crash three years later while he was holidayin' in Myrtle Beach. They still got way too much traffic there for my taste... And another thing, baby... That government of ours should be keepin' us separated from outer space..
You done?	Yeh, I guess I shoulda had the meat loaf
You are aware of the penalties for perjury...?	It's a crime
SKULL!!	BULK!
I need to make a telephone call.	A telephone call?  That's communication with the outside world!  Doctor's discretion.  Hey, if alla these nuts could just make phone calls, it could spread.  Insanity oozing through telephone cables, oozing into the ears of all those poor sane people, infecting them!  Whackos everywhere!  A plague of madness.  In fact, very few of us here are actually mentally ill.  I'm not saying you're not mentally ill, for all I know you're crazy as a loon.  But that's not why you're here.  Why you're here is because of the system, because of the economy.  There's the TV.  It's all right there. Commercials.  We are not productive anymore, they don't need us to make things anymore, it's all automated.  What are we for then?  We're consumers.  Okay, buy a lot of stuff, you're a good citizen. But if you don't buy a lot of stuff, you know what?  You're mentally ill! That's a fact!  If you don't buy things...toilet paper, new cars, computerized blenders, electrically operated sexual devices...  SCREWDRIVERS WITH MINIATURE BUILT-IN RADAR DEVICES, STEREO SYSTEMS WITH BRAIN IMPLANTED HEADPHONES, VOICE- ACTIVATED COMPUTERS, AND..
No, I'm scared of nothing here. It's just that you know some places are like people, some shine and some don't.  I guess you could say the Overlook Hotel here has something about it that's like shining.	Is there something bad here
I know where you're from. You guys look the same every place.	They wanna talk to you
Where?	Outside, in the cave
Stay here, I'll be back.	Sure.  I won't hold my breath
Like cattle...	You're saying they can think
Now?	Yes.  I didn't confess today
What is your first name?	What
Mom, Michael won't talk to me.	Shouldn't he be at home
I wouldn't go that far.	But you did, and have... And now people are dead.  Did Sparazza become more valuable than Israel... and did you make another deal
Um...Chris --	You can call me Oz
Probably. I told him Koessler had ordered the report, kept it secret.	Koessler doesn't know any of this
What do you mean, he's missing?	He's missing.  He's gone.  He left
Jesus Christ.	You wanna bet he's with a girl
Yeah.	How'd you get the information on DePinto
It couldn't be for that incident with Burgel the other day.	Of course it could -- Burgel's been trying to get me thrown out as long as I can remember.  <u>He</u> could've killed Eduard
You mean Mrs. Kensington?	No, Austin, Mrs. Kensington has long- since retired. Ms.  Kensington is her daughter
"You think you could do better ""Laredo?"""	"Hey, watch that ""Laredo"" shit"
What you do?	Just tell him, I do love you, but I can't -- I'm a nun
I don’t think I can go through with this.	Pub Golf
"It was almost worth the trip--to find out that Jesus Christ in Heaven was just another guy, playing shuffleboard.  I like his sense of humor, though--you know? He's got a blue-and-gold warm-up jacket he wears.  You know what it says on the back? ""Pontius Pilate Athletic Club."" Most people don't get it.  Most people think there really is a Pontius Pilate Athletic Club."	We're going to have jackets, aren't we
Wouldn't you rather have your mother marry me than him?	No
No, it was good.	Oh, well...  It came from the heart
You want to move to New York, you want to move in with me?	I don't know, you know..
What are movies about?	Telling stories
That's me. That's who I am. You were never cut out for the rackets, Roy, and if you --	How come
Who'd ever thought that goofy Oswald kid would pull off a stunt like an assassination?  Just goes to show, you can never know about some people.  Am I right, Jack?  Well, bless my soul.  Your eyes are as red as two cherries, Jack.  Don't tell me we have another bleeding heart here.  Hell, all these years I thought you were on my side.	Chief, sometimes I don't know whether you're kidding or not
I just need to use the phone, lady.	Oh, let me get out of your way then
I'll bet.  Look, Sam.  Why don't you come by this weekend.  We'll take the boat out...	Sorry, Sandy.  I've got plans
You take tuberculosis.  My smoking doesn't go over at all.	I think testicular cancer should be no contest
Why?	He doesn't like me. What you eatin'
"Any time. And congratulations to you and your wife. Just remember, though, in the immortal words of Rudyard Kipling: ""A woman is just a woman, but a cigar is a smoke."	What does that mean
Not remotely. Because iocane comes from Australia, as everyone knows. And Australia is entirely peopled with criminals. And criminals are used to having people not trust them, as you are not trusted by me. So I can clearly not choose the wine in front of you.	Truly, you have a dizzying intellect
Well, perhaps I can't, Plank, if you know what I mean.	Look, could you just open the door so I could talk without shouting
Wait, no!  Do not be ashamed.  The straits of your family need not be permanent.  It is a simple matter to have them brought to one of my country estates, where they may have fine meals, and physicians to look after them.	You would do that, your Majesty
Shall I tell you something -- I believed what was called love came after the union -- and I was surprised when my husband, making me a woman, made me know it only by pain, unaccompanied by any pleasure. I saw that my imaginings had stood me in better stead.  And so we became only friends, seldom sleeping together and arousing no curiosity in each other, yet on good terms for a while, as whenever he wanted me, I was at his service, but since the offering was not seasoned with love, he found it tasteless, and seldom demanded it.	O, my dearest love.  Enough!  I beg you.  Stop believing in your experience.  You have never known love.  My very soul is leaving me! Catch it on your lips, and give me yours
... What were you saying, Admiral? Something about this 'not being a job for a wine-sniffing, skirt-chasing playboy spy?'	- I'll be sure to acknowledge 007's 'assistance' in my report to the Prime Minister. But this is, still, a naval operation
...the master of his realm.	How can we ever hope to win against the trout
Who's Linda?	Why won't you talk to me
You didn't ask.	Hardy-fuckin-har. What did he say
Are you sure?	Yes, sir
Hiya -- sorry -- the guinea fowl is proving more complicated than expected.	He's cooking guinea fowl
I think, before.	Seems too coincidental that way
Ashamed.	Not ashamed
My daughter isn't here to carry out assignments like that for *anybody*.	Well, then--this is too much for *my* lame brain. I'm calling Jim Taylor
So, your parents... why did you disappoint them?	I... I was playing with fire
Wait, wait, wait.  Hold up.  Hold up.  Look.	You want cash
Simple? Kill him? How?	That's your business... I don't care how
What's the matter, don't you WANT to hear our singing?	Oh... well, yes, of course; it's just we're looking for the Horn Resounding and -
What the fuck -- ?	Paraffin
I've always wanted to learn something like that.	You should.  It's very important, that the body release the energy that builds in it
Remy.	You've got a very sophisticated palate
Martin.	Did you straighten her out
I'm good at it. Lying, cheating, manipulating... I'm good at it.	It's more than that
You bet you are.	How the hell would you know
Dave -- I'm working.	Oh yeah... Me, too.  You want to get dinner later
With tinsel and plastic icicles and... on his penis, sir.	I get the idea.  You got a description
You're goin' if the captain says you're goin'...	Now, now...let's not grow dis- putatious..
I don't know. What am I gonna do with this woman? I don't know...  She's drivin' me fuckin' crazy.	I think if you, uh, okay it, you know, assure her that she's gonna be all right, she'll come back
I would try for them.	You barely know them
We don't know what might happen if we tried to kill it.  At least right now it's keeping him alive.	How about cutting it off?  We can't pull it loose, but we can cut off everything but the bottom layer, where it's stuck to his face
Don't get upset!	Dammit! I was so close
You don't say.	Yes, you can get carrot juice or Italian coffee, and the people there -- well, none of them quite fit in. You'd love it -- why don't you come there with me -- they're having a marathon poetry reading on New Year's Eve. I go every year
Siberia.	What do you want me to do
Starla, it ain't --	It is. He'd been acting strange. And the physical changes. I should have told someone right away... But I was just blind. I wanted to pretend it wasn't happening... If I don't do what I can to help now, I just couldn't live with it
Whose show was this on?	Jed's got cables
Far out.  Where are my glasses?	They broke when you fell
We had a tough year.	Yeah, nine years straight
So help me God!	Well, I had my fun, I've drunk my fill and I tickled some good-lookin' fillies— I'm on borried time
It's been...so different, being so sure you were dead.	I'm so sorry for what you must've gone through, but I'm back
What the hell happened?	Lindenmeyer developed neural connectors that tap directly into the nervous system. If the simulator isn't calibrated properly, experiencing death in this level of VR is like experiencing death within a dream. The experience becomes real
Forget it, really.  I'll survive.	I want him with me
Oh, yeah?  Well, if YOU hadn't shown up in your stupid little cardboard spaceship and taken away everything that was important to me --	Don't talk to me about importance. Because of YOU the security of this entire universe is in jeopardy
That's ten bucks.	I must be goin' deaf 'cause I thought ya said, 'ten cents.
Hmm?	You don't like Eve, do you
And if you're wrong.	Siberia
Mmm.  A lawyer, huh?  Too bad.  But at least you're surfing now.  So your life's not over yet, right?	Not yet
It's Saturday night! There's still plenty-a action around!	Angie, by the time I get Clara home, it's gonna be one, one-thirty. By the time I get home, it's gonna be two o'clock. I gotta get up for ten o'clock mass tomorrow
She said Michael.	What did she mean
Yes.  Absolutely.	Oh dear
Why'd you want to help us?	Because I was like you once. And there was no one there to help me
We are better here.	Listen, you need me
Don't whisper it. Don't even think it	How long have we spent casting our minds about the world when the answer to our prayers was right here under our noses -- every single day in the newspapers and on the radio -- waiting for us in that ridiculous castle! Waiting for--
Aw, come on, Snake.	Bluebacks. I'm not bullshittin'. I swear to God
Ottawa!	Excuse me..
You can let him look around, answer his questions, but watch him.  If there's any problems, make sure we know about it first.	I understand.  What's the other thing
Whoa, Elizabeth. A little hostile, there. Maybe you should be the one in therapy. Then Mom and Dad can pay someone two hundred dollars an hour to listen to all of your thoughts... so we won't have to.	Maybe you'd like to tell Mom and Dad why you stopped taking your medication
Aren't you going to get that?	Let the machine get it. I have no desire to talk to anyone who would be calling me..
Is it real?	Or a fake
I don't know... I like the Army.	C'mon, Ray, everyone hates the Army during Basic. I'll tell you straight, I hated it here
What is the chief part?	Romeo. Wit, swordsman, lover
We've had Nano-Tech for the last 30 years.	30? How long was I out
I don't know.	Go downstairs, I will help you
They loved you.  I told you they would love you and they did.	I love you
Well this is... I mean, this is the weirdest --	Lydia, I don't know what it is with you and these pratical jokes, but -
Let me see the sick.	Oh, you're a doctor now, too
College. Haven't really thought about it.	That's crazy. I'll get you some applications
Why are you so stupid?	Why are you so uptight
What?	Last night -
You okay?	Yeah..
I believe you.  You had some scary dreams, okay?	No!  I don't know - everything's all mixed up.  What difference does it make?  I'm in trouble here.  I need your help
It might be a good idea for you to disappear from Casablanca for a while. There's a Free French garrison over at Brazzaville. I could be induced to arrange a passage.	My letter of transit? I could use a trip. But it doesn't make any difference about our bet. You still owe me ten thousand francs
Well, the queen is always physically larger then the others.  A termite queen's abdomen is so bloated with eggs that it can't move at all.  It is fed and tended by drone workers, defended by the warriors.  She is the center of their lives, quite literally the  mother of their society.	Could it be intelligent
The usual -- a girlfriend.	He had a girlfriend
Do I have to hear again what a great man your husband is? What an important cause he's fighting for?	It was your cause, too. In your own way, you were fighting for the same thing
Well, I could <u>get</u> a rolltop desk.	Happen to know where there's one for sale
So there is only one key...	That's right..
And since we're talking, my wife and I don't want you hanging around our daughter.	Well, that figures.  Kind of fits in with everything else, don't it
Taransky isn't that good an actor. No, they're taking special precautions.  Some kind of new encryption.	Why
You're Walter, aren't you?	Yes, sir
Seemed, not was.	It's in my family, you know.  My grandmother died in an institution..
He making the drop?	Nah, man. He's just making contact. That's our man. The Welsh guy
Hurry up . . . hurry up . . . hurry up.	I'm hurrying
Shield practice? Gurney... we had practice -- this morning..... I'm not in the mood.	Not in the mood?! Mood's a thing for cattle and love play... not fighting
What do you mean?	Well, when I first came to Washington, my eyes were big, blue question marks-- now they're big, green dollar marks-
But Jake... I didn't say anything...	Don't ever do that again. You don't  do it
I WANTED TO FUCK HER, THAT'S ALL!	AND DID YOU
I don't know that I can do that, Mrs. Marsh.	Did he tell you about Georgina
Uh-huh.	How d'ya like them apples
You’d better get going. My parents will be ‘round to cart you off to the country.	Whatever you do, don’t mention Italy. Or politics. Or baby buggies.  Or Edith Piaf
Naturally.	Maybe your friends already accomplished that chore for us
Uh ... in the, well, in the interests of her family ... you, Dr. Gruber, you know, you can never tell what a jury is going to do. St. Catherine's a very well thought of institution.  Her doctors ...	Her doctors killed her
Jeffrey nothing.	You tell me!! Let me see that wallet.  Jeffrey Beaumont. What're you doing in my apartment, Jeffrey Beaumont
The Boxes. In the House. I told you.	What do you mean
Some of my best friends are scientists.	I was referring to the selectees mingling with the selectors
She's in here?	This guy is going through all of the eggs. Look
Mikey loves his birthday present.	Where is he
Hey, hurry up, you slow-pokes - I'm starved!	Please! Please! Do not wait for me! I eat so very little
No?  Now, wait a minute.	You don't neither -
Oh, I see.	Let me feel the strength in your hand, Chauncey... Let me feel your strength...  Yes, that's good... I hope, Chauncey - I hope that you'll stay with Eve... Take care of her, watch over her, she's a delicate flower, Chauncey..
The jacket, Tripp. We need the jacket.	Oh, right. Oola. About that jacket..
You going out?	Yeah. For a little while
That's right.	That's not enough.  Tell me
It would appear we are too heavy.	It must be all those marsh melons
"He's obsessed with his own image.  He wants his Nobel Peace Prize a little too much.  As the late ""Doctor"" King proved -- even an ape can win a prize with good press."	Jesus, I'd like to book him into a psychiatrist's office.  He comes in here ranting and raving, dumping his crap all over the place ... Could you prove it, Edgar
Here. You'll need one of these.	I abhor violence.  Sergeant Whitman, I hope you don't think me mad -
Why'd you apologize?	What
I don't rate that at all.	Despite the Academy award
We can't help *what* they were! Forget 'em!	Jim, that bunch is out for blood. If I throw Horace in their teeth now-
Betty.	Yeah ... Betty. You don't rush it. I don't rush it. We play it close, just like in the movies
Yes...fine.	And Zoe?  How's Zoe
Hey, Rock -- What happened?	'Bout what
Where's Kelly?	Where's Ian
So, what are we waiting for?	Cool your jets...I'm doing a little damage control
What do you mean?	You've known me nearly all of your life. You must have formed some opinion
Hi... what's going on here?	Horrible accident. My neighbour... he got killed
You're clean.	Oh my God. I can't tell you how nervous I've been. I couldn't sleep last night
J. Edgar Hoover plays sports.	I don't really know
Ordinarily, though, what was the procedure?	"Routine--I'd just call John Mitchell over at the Justice Department and he'd say ""go ahead, give out the money."
Isn't that how babies come? I mean people babies...they grow inside you?	No, it's different, honey
Yeh, and what if we play tomorrow and he doesn't come up with the money.  We risk our whole operation for nothing.  I'll say when we make our bets.	Not if you want me to keep makin' 'em for ya
And?	I've questioned him
Gus and I talked to her at Tramell's house.  All we did was write her name down.	I told you to stay away from Tramell
Never mind. I'm coming in to take care of business. How hot am I?	Too hot. Don't do it. Don't come in
I know the laws of the night. I state there is still time for yet another.	I would have time for my own pleasures
Oh Hi, what can I do for you?	Nothing, I was just wondering what you were doing
A writer? What do you write... letters an' such?	B-b-books.  You... you killed five men... singlehanded
That's because we want a chance to observe them.  This is the only place we've had time to surround them with sufficient force to contain them.  What happens here will be a guide to all other operations. The minute action begins and a pattern of defense develops, I'll get my report to Washington.  You've deployed your forces well.	Thank you, sir.  If they start anything, we can blast them right off the earth
I was, yeah, I was thinking about going there for business --	-- well, if you're gonna go -
I have the coordinates of the reactor...	... It gives me a great sense of history
So what are you gonna do tonight, Marty?	I don't know, Ma. I'm all knocked out. I may just hang arounna house
We'll KNOW.	Okaaaaayyyy
So, we'll meet every Tuesday and Friday. And if you have any kind of emergency, you can page me.	OK, good. That's good. Thanks an awful lot for everything, and for coming down here to see me off
Get me a plane!	I'll pick you up in..
Hey, you! Watch out there -- you're scuffing my Brussels carpet -- Consarn them.	Jabez! Careful -
I don't believe in luck. I know what Conrad was like. Don't tell me what you think I want to hear.	Never will again
Buck is a deal.	I've got this weak heart. Too much drinking, I guess. As soon as they find out about it, they'll probably send me someplace else
Oh, it's the bit of a girl Fettes was talking about.	The same. Look here, Gray -
How do I know you're not lying.	Yo, I know what you're thinking, that I'm one of those guys that keep coming up to her
Get the fuck away from me.	The kid in here.  The other two when we come out
It's nothing. Just a list -- It's not finished --	Oh, okay then. Maybe later then
Has anyone been by? Police? FBI?	Just reporters
No. But from top to bottom this country has no sense of itself. Its nobles share allegiance with England and its clans war with each other. If you make enemies on both sides of the border, you'll end up dead.	We all end up dead. It's only a question of how. And why
Oh, no. Plenty of cause. He won't follow the herd, or change his convictions -- even when they're not popular. And he believes in an absolutely free interchange of information between scientists of different countries -- and these days, there's nothing more suspicious than that.	Depends on which end of the telescope you look through
Then I shall come too.	No... no..
You said nothing. You told me nothing.	You had left me! I kept silent out of rage
Ride with me.	Thanks, but I'll take the bus. I do it all the time
Born free, as free as the wind blows. As free as the grass grows --	Are you insane?
Harm to whom?  Me?  I don't think, so.  Try him again at the hotel.	I left three messages already
Delivered from armchairs in obscure green stripe patterns.	Delivered from Martha Stewart
Isn't respect and friendship, a reasonable basis for a man and woman to be joined? And all else may grow in time...?	Some say that's the way of it
This town sucks.	"Aw, c'mon, I was only saying there's something wrong with ""Home Made Cooking"", that's all. The sign's fine. What it says is wrong"
Now, just a minute.  You have just very clearly implied that there is a reason why Joseph should not give my wife the money which I left for her. I can't possibly allow a remark like that to go without explanation.	Let's just say, he looks after your interests
Ha!	Well, it's almost over.  We've gone to school together for three years, and we've been through a lot.  But with that training out of High School gone, what's going to happen to us?  We all know what the answers are.  We want to be happy, go to college, own a car, maybe raise a family.  But what if that doesn't happen?  I have, I have to be honest though, I have all the hope and ambition in the world.  But when I think about the future, the truth is, I am really...scared
Just give me a receipt.  Hey, Sal, you okay?	Okay, Sonny
Mrs. Lampert, I'm afraid you're in a great deal of danger.	Danger? Why should I be in any danger
Wait, this isn't the way.  Who are you?	They're from my old convent
...Shit!!  We'd found him. We waited for him to get upstairs and he got out of the window.	What shall we do
She's a pretty good sort.	What does she do with herself after business hours
Spanish passports?	Correct. Now the train leaves-
Miss Price.	Yes, Mrs. Hobbs
There, there.  Chewie get a reading on that.  Looks pretty good.	What is it
I can tell....	How
That's very flattering.	So why won't you make love with me? Why wouldn't you, I mean
Fuck you.	No, fuck you.  And fuck him too. Fuck the both-of you
"Say, fella, I understand. I can -- what do the kids say these days -- ""dig where you're comin' from.""  You want to be rich, right?"	Uh..
Ah.	Louder
That's under lock and key.	Me too
I was saying to Quince we won't need --	Did you just hear something
No, not for sure. When it comes, it comes. You gonna want some shit?	I think I’d rather have drugs
I can't imagine anyone else playing Genna.	Really
Uh-huh. While I was sitting there, trying to make my mind up, a cop stuck his head in the car, because I was illegally parked -- so I started to hide the gun under the seat and it went off -- pow!	That's terrible
With the One Thirty Second under Perry, from '21 to '27--	The year 2027
What?	'Incurable.
"""Are not capable of love"" is what you mean."	I have loved more deeply than a killer like yourself could ever dream
Doctor, I attempt to conduct my social life discreetly.  At the moment I am seeing no one.	Does that distress you
Nice car.  Yours?	No
This is entertainment you're making, Toby. This story about a kid in the suburbs and the state of the college admissions process has, with this Brady crisis, evolved into something much richer and more provocative.	Yes, I know…But still, it should be somewhat entertaining
I'm a field agent -- last of an already extinct breed.  I do dark ops.	Dark ops
How's it going?	Boss and I are up to about three words an hour
Captain, you know, I really appreciate you hauling us a thousand feet below sea level so we can watch this historical event on television.	Nobody goes inside, until we know <u>what's</u> inside
No. I don't need money anymore -- I see that now.	How do I leave here
You all right back there, mate?	Very fucking funny. Where's what I want
That's been said before.	He'd go to a movie.  I think that's what he'd do.  If I were sure he was in a movie, I could stop worrying.  We could have him paged
What about Curtis Zampf?	Curtis is a politician -- and a bit of a hustler. He's not a thinker
But you know he did it.	So what?!  So fucking what?  Use your head, Violet.  The money is gone.  Gino is coming here to get it.  You think he's going to believe me if I tell him his piss-hole son stole it!  Is that what you think? I don't.  You know what I think?  I think I'm a dead man.  I'm one in the brain.  That's what I think
I'm a schoolboy - teach me, teach me.	Why not break it up yourself?  You could do it in two minutes flat
Government work.  Had my own think tank.  Got tired of thinking-wanted some action.  Seen plenty of it too.  So will you if you stick around.	Where's Buckaroo?  Is he alive
Is the dizziness gone?	I think so
That little Winona Ryder manner... you're more convincing as Clint Eastwood.	Clint is putting a guard on you. But if you swear to leave the computer on, Winona will assign him to the hall outside
How can they do this?	It isn't fair
Tom, we're going to be legitimate all the way, and you're the legal man.  What could be more important than that.	I'm not talking about that.  I'm talking about Rocco Lampone building a secret regime.  Why does Neri report directly to you, rather than through me or a caporegime
Maybe there's some weird secret satanic society that meets at the Quality Cafe and all of the other regular customers are in on it except for us.	Or maybe not
I know it's crazy, Louise, but I just feel like I've got a knack for this shit.	I believe you
All right, what's your husband's first name?	Hollis. Hollis Mulwray
My father used to talk about you.	Oh yeah, what'd he say
Would it be possible to use it for military purposes?	Directed by laser. Bounced by satellite. Quite possible
Then where's the lantern?  And where's the knife?	The knife.  What knife
Who are you!  Who are you!	I'm Willow Ufgood.  I'm here to find Fin Raziel
Whoa... she is a killer.	Amanda Finch. Her ex is one of the wealthiest businessmen in Detroit. Play your cards right and you could hit paydirt. She like 'em young.  And since you look a little new at this, let me give you three words of advice. Hard to get. Think it, act it, know it, be it. Nothing a woman loves more than when you beat her at her own head games
Very.	Well it's not mission <i>difficult,</i> Hunt. It's mission <i>impossible.</i>  Difficult should be a walk in the park for you.  If you can think of a quicker way to get to Ambrose, you're welcome to try.  Oh, by the way, you might want to take a look at these..if you have any further qualms about getting her to do the job
How high up does this...arms dealing go?	Bond. If someone wants you dead, it is Renard. Our government has nothing to gain by killing you
So. Look at where we are: the year 2000! Can you believe it? I mean, did you ever think we would actually make it?	Um, well, yeah.  So are you still acting
Dickie!	I'll go and see what's the matter
Like what?  I'm not --	You're staring at me
I didn't see nothin'.	Okay. Go on
Keymaster?	Yeah, I have to judge who can drive home and who can't. I have to keep their keys
Hi, Laurie, what's up?	Nothing. I was just sitting down for the first time tonight
My father and the Baron.	Damned hunters.  It was a trap, and you were the bait
Alright.	Alright. Meet me at the Met
Yes, ma'am.	Didn' you have no breakfast
A headache?	Yeah, a headache.  My head hurts.  You're making me uncomfortable
You learnin' anything at that school?	Yes, sir -- I learn to write a little bit, and I can read a lot-
Oh, she's coming, eh, Ma?	Oh, sure.  Siddown, siddown. Marty, tell her siddown
It was left in my hotel room, well, not really mine.  You're saying it's not you?	I think I would remember.  What makes you think it's me
Alexander de Large, sir.	Crime
I hope you don't take to bitterness, Sister Morgan. I tell you like I tell all the women in this church who got the same trouble you got. No matter what the trial or what the misery is, I tell 'em to stay with God.	Yeah, he'll crawl into my bed tonight, lie close to my body and keep me warm -- and rectify the evil in the men who live over us in this valley
You peeked, didn't you?	I peeked
It's really not a good idea for me to be seen with you.	Who's doing this
I don't know. Nothin'. Wouldn't be no point to it.	I'm kindly surprised to hear you say that
Here.	After the Thanksgiving I had, I need it. You having one
You're moving away?  When?	Next week
No, really!	This is just a game, Papa
Who are you?	I'll give you a little hint. You're a smart guy, figure it out
Ummm. Stalling, eh?  Anything new?	Why, the directors are waiting for you in the board room
I think I can stabilize the fields around the singularity, that should prevent another power drain.	Do it
I don't know why Joe, we've known each other how long...	Not long
And...?	Well a lot of things cross my mind. I've always been a fast thinker, Ev. I can play out the movie of our entire lives in under a second. Boom -- we fall in love -- get married -- two kids, your keen analytical insight matched to my generous nature -- kids grow old as do we, relatively stable relationships, matching burial plots, the whole bit. It took a lot longer to spit out than to imagine
I need your clothes, Byers.	Me
Fuck no.	I'll tell you what makes sense ! Air strikes ! White Phosphorus ! Napalm ! We'll bomb the shit out of them if they don't do what we want
That's what I asked.	Do I know Hans Hinkel
Hey, baby, that's good!  How'd we come out?	We won
... What do you make of all this?	I really don't know, Tom - he seems so honest and simple... In a way, he's quite charming..
Why do you hate me?  It's gotta be more than Me Private You, You Cop.	Two words.  Disco Express
It's beautiful.	It was built in 1917 - and was one of the two heaviest bridges in the world.  The arch is still the largest in the world
Where are we going?	I do not know.  Away
Jennyhaydn.	Yes
In every way.	And am I not fair
Not quite. This is my field.	Is there anything that isn't
That's not the way it looked to me. Looked to me like you was trying to make time with her.	Make time?  Is everybody in this town slap happy
I'm looking for a friend of mine I think Maurice knows.	You not with probation, one of those
But I need help and <u>they</u> sent you.	The Little..
Apollo, how would you rate this last British challenger, Henry Wilcoxson?	He was big, an' very nasty so I destroyed him in a hurry -- Now I'm gettin' ready for Mac Lee Green next month
Never.  I get air-sick. You wouldn't like that.	No, I don't think I would. So... then what can I do for you
How do you know that?  Did he say something?	No... but I can tell.  A woman knows these things
Might'a been nice.  Like this is gonna do any good. Maybe one of the frat guys has a gun.	Please, Evan. Don't even joke. He wouldn't hurt you. He's just trying to scare you away from me
You lost your head.	I was just showing emotion
Hello.	You the bug lady, right
Lower it!	I'm trying
Julie thinks there's a dead guy in the closet.	Cool
Old Building and Loan pal, huh . . .	Now you just turn this way and go right straight down
Desi's got a point.  What the hell are we gonna do about the Communists right here in our backyard?!	What do you mean, Jack
Good night.	Goodbye
Because I lost a filling in my back tooth. I gotta go to the dentist tomorrow.	Dentist?  We been out of work for four months - and you want to blow your first week's pay on your teeth
Most certainly.	And on March 24, Thomas Sandefur, CEO of Brown & Williamson had you fired. And the reason he gave you
Well, I, I didn't say I was special, but it's one thing, you know, and it's another thing to actually communicate it to people. You know what I mean? If a tree falls in a forest and no one hears it, does that make a sound?	Of course it does
Take care.	Hey, do you want to have a drink? I have lots of drinks. And I could -
Your madness is another man's greatness.  This is the way things have always been.  You've just been too blinded by your own reality to see.  But having you on the outside has been convenient for us in many ways.  You always did come through -- our loyal watch dog. Finding him. Bringing him back to us once he'd finished his work.  Although after you had that nasty stroke the last time, I had to go after him myself.  And what a terrible time we had getting him out of that jail cell.	It was you
What could they do? The guy that took the head was about six-seven, and maybe three-hundred pounds. He was packing two Lugers, and the others had M-16s.	They just ran back out into Death Valley -- you know, where Manson turned up..
I've always ad your welfare at heart, Eric. Besides which, I'm nosy.	That's not always a healthy way to be..
Look at those marks--just like in the movie.	Ancient runes-
You go, it's all stairs, I can take it from here.	Don't worry..
No!  Well, not those exact words.	Nigel, can't you see he's using you
I'm Bureau for 28 years, Starling. I won't disobey orders, not even now.	But I just became a private citizen. I can go anywhere I want to
It's still taking too long. The people used to snap to.	That was because of... the reputation the gang had
Hey, Jan.  See if you can get someone to check out the chopper.	What's the problem
I can not tell you.	Will you be friend for always
That's crazy.  He's not going to kill us.	Kevin, you're so fuckin' stupid..
Gee, I didn't even know you had any children. But why are you so upset about Jesus?	He's dead
Tea? Who wants tea? Let's go out! This calls for a feast. You don't want tea, Papa. Let's go dancing. Papa loves parties, don't you?	Wolfi
What have you done?	I cut myself
Get off me!	Will you calm down
Yeah. Look, I'll be sendin' you the money from now on.	Okay
The man played judge, jury, and executioner with eight people's lives. He lost control and is capable of doing it again.	I understand the risks involved here. But there is nobody better qualified to go after Sid 6.7 than Barnes. And, there is nobody who knows him better than you. If a situation becomes volatile, you will find a way to quell it. I have complete confidence in you
The ear is from a missing person maybe?	Maybe so
Suspended from school, my mother??	Everyone was really surprised when Maggie was turned in, she got kicked out for two weeks
Oh, I'm just glad we have a catering job this week.  I'm real low on money.	Yeah, we have Mr. Morris Levine's eightieth birthday party on Riverside Drive...or Riverside Memorial Chapel, depending on his health
Yes. Well -- goodnight.	Goodnight, sir
Take it easy.  Just take it easy.  We're here to do business.	You said they would be here, goddamnit! Where are they
My mom.  Would be the problem.	Why?  We're only talking
Have one of mine.	They're awful.  They make me cough
What things?	I'm going to work out
I didn't dive.	You'll try again tomorrow
I'll get to it right away, Mr. Rawlston.	Good
So Arnie, when were you going to tell me about the 3 million dollars we got in from San Francisco two days after I got arrested?	I was just waiting for the right time
Oh, see, I meant someone you've had sex with. That's part of the theory.	Excuse me for asking, but how would you know
Don't lay this on me!	Then hang up!  Do it
Where's Mrs. Baldwin?	What did you do with her
Find my brother Wilfred.  Give him This.  I have duties he must fulfill in my stead.  Only family can be trusted.	What is it
That many women in one place -- nothing good can come from that.	Sorry about Frida. She's been friends with Jen forever
Yes, you did, Daniel! I saw it from the window. And then to lie about it! Give me that beanshooter, Daniel!	It's mine, Ma! Pa made it for me -- and I'm not going to give it to anyone
I have a darned good idea you're name isn't Betty Mayfield at all.	Yes
Well...what did you want to talk to me about?	Well...w-what kind of people do you like, Carla
Is this an gritty exposé or a candy ass press release?	Write what you want. Just try not to make it so obvious that you're crazy about me
Yes! Remember? You asked me for an application? I introduced you to the manager?	Oh, yeah... Boy, that must've been a while ago
Listen, Americano, it is very nice to meet you, but maybe we are going too fast.  You take a little and then come back.	I don't need a little.  I need a lot
You come highly recommended, Carter. And your particular assignment requires a special talent.	Interrogation is one a my specialties, but undercover work is my forte
Yes. Happy happy.	Yet you look so sad. A great man like you should not be sad
It's not a good case.  It's a very good case.  A healthy young woman goes into the hospital to deliver her third child, she's given the wrong anaesthetic ...	... we, we love her, Dick and me ..
But how do you know you exist?	It is intuitively obvious
Yeah!	How's it coming on the engines
W-w-what has that got to do with this Maiden?	Who better than a messenger from God to give answers to your questions
Call me a cocksucker and you're outta here!	You're a cocksucker
Ernie's?	You've got a thing about Ernie's, haven't you
Well, if it's all the same to you--	I know. It's--Violet
Sure I do, you know, like your aura. That you give off.	My what
The what?	The City Sealer's office
I'll call you up tomorrow morning. Maybe, we'll go see a movie.	I'd like that very much
I know, but...	Is that why you came all the way back? To ask a lot of stupid questions about Robin Hood
Panes is here!	Oh great
Get out!	Okay. I was just trying to make conversation
I am.	Then why aren't you teaching? Why aren't you in a university
Verdado where?	It's in the suburbs outside Havana
The penitent man will pass. The penitent... the penitent. The penitent man...	The penitent man. The penitent..
This isn't funny.  I'm not into this.  I...	There goes five seconds...My record's eighteen
Good good.	Well I think you're right, I should look her up
To find the Man in Black, obviously.	But you don't know where he is
Yes.	Wrong! It's much better to blow a hole in the back of the head... right toward the bridge of the nose... Lots and lots of irreparable damage
No it's Morgan Freeman. Got any bones that need collecting?	Only the one in my pants
But...are you engaged or something?	Dating, seriously dating. You're thirsty, want something to drink? Sure you do, it's been a long trip
She'd have to be nuttier than a twenty-pound Christmas fruitcake. She's not the one who hangs out with multiple murderers -- your girlfriend is.	She's a writer -- it's part of what she does
Poor fucker my ass...	You better watch it, faggot, I'm not sure you and Childs didn't do him -
At least you're not like every other stupid guy in the world - all they care about are guitars and sports... they're all such fags!	I hate sports
You don't really want to know.	I don't, huh? And what makes you such an authority on what I want or don't want
How do you know all this?	I have to show you
I don't thinkI can.	But you're a doctor. You kill people every day
...and how do you say? Those slimy things, in your stomach?	Intestines
I can beat that.	Unfiltered
Yeah, I guess.	She plays the clarinet, too
Something like what...	Oh, come on, we're not children.  I didn't have anything to do with this Fidelity nonsense and you know it
I'm stifling, but it's so pretty.  The Kirbys.	Is that another Christmas present
Why?	Sir, I have no way of proving that you demolished the bathroom -
The moon sinks lower into the hills!  We must hurry to the finish.	I will decide the conclusion
Call and tell you.	And you let them come up.  You don't try to make the bust yourself.  You understand
Yes. I've just been talking with the porters. They're going to take us. We've got clothing, food, everything. Come on!	When are you going to start
1490...Breckinridge...	Let's see what we got..
How about my breakfast? How do you expect me to ring a curtain down on an empty stomach?	It'll be ready in a minute
I do what I'm told.	Too bad you're not more like your father
Not unless she got up in the ring and turned into one mean sonofabitch.	Maybe she did, Gus.  Maybe she grew herself an Afro and learned a left hook and put shoe polish on her face.  Let's polygraph her again and ask her about it
Your name?	Thomas Kent. I would like to do a speech by a writer who commands the heart of every player
I'll get you another pain pill. Another morphine pill --	...gimme that fuckin' phone..
Yes.	Did you know -- deeper in the jungle, upriver -- there are savages
My husband has convinced me of the contrary.	Sir William Cosgrove is a man who is dying, and yet I envy him more than any man in Christendom.  He enjoys a privilege of which I am deprived. He may take you in his arms whenever he pleases, and no veil keeps his senses, his eyes, his soul from enjoying your beauty
Who do you suppose they were? And where did they take her? A fine thing - to go to pieces at a time like this!	Now, now, don't fret
You've cut your hair?	I dyed it. We're all getting old
That's good, Mr. Gardiner. Or may I call you Chauncey?	Yes. Chauncey is fine
He is dead?	Killed last night, in a tavern! Come, then, we'll say a prayer for his sou
I think we should consider cutting the experiment short.	What
"And 290 ""disregards,"" right?"	If you say so
What are your plans?	Well, we're here for about two weeks, then whatever else comes along... we're still working on our album and..
What do they--? Who are all those--?	One of the plagues on members of Congress--office-seekers, cranks, people with pet bills. Get my son into West Point--or *outta* West Point. I've got a scheme to put people to work. How do I get rid of cockroaches? Some woman's composed a hymn to replace the Star Spangled Banner. Want to hear it
Why?	She likes to play bingo
When mankind comes to its senses. We will return.	Knowing mankind as I do, that could take centuries
Hello?	Bob
But Walter, we didn't make the fucking hand- off!  They didn't get, the fucking money and they're gonna-- they're gonna--	"Yeah yeah, ""kill that poor woman."
...Well then, that's how many I killed.	If you say so
Which ranch?	How's that
What's his name?	I don't know -- Campbell or something
Why in God's name would I want...?	No frown lines.  New watch
So... why can't Jason get a fair trial?	Because everyone knows he's guilty..
Where are we going, Donald?	I have the power to build a time machine
I'm looking for a phone...	No, I don't think you can <u>do</u> that
I might as well be Rowan Smith - or Jones!   you cut me off from every -	I'm tired.  I need to rest
Lunch...	God..
You think so?	Whatever blows your hair back
You're a good friend.	You, too, sweetie, the best
You capitalist pig!	The performance is free what more do you want....I've set that old phone up as a donation box and I'll get Jahn to write out a sign....Okay, let's get going
Oh my god, are you alright?	Yeah, I think
The hell is this shit?	What? I called Bojo, like you say. Called up the fellas in the band..
I think whoever sent the message did it because they're worried about us.	The gods sent us the machine because they took pity on us
But the bottom line is: I'm not Paramount. I have a select group of distributers I deal with. I buy their little movies. Accomplish what I wanna accomplish, end of story. Easy, business-like, very little risk.	"Now that's bullshit, Lee. Every time you buy one of those little movies it's a risk. I'm not sellin' you something that's gonna play two weeks, six weeks, then go straight to cable. This is ""Doctor Zhivago"". This'll be packin' 'em in for a year and a half. Two years! That's two years you don't have to work with anybody's movie but mine"
Your hearing aid, it's buzzing at me like a snake.	Oh. Did you say something
A White! A Great White, I found a tooth buried in the hull. He must've attacked... I knew it... Gardner's dead in there. I didn't see the mate...	No shark did that to a boat
Jimmy.  I don't know.  I got so much else on my mind.  I got the kids.  We got no money.	I gotta talk to him as soon as I can
"""Dear Ms. Hughes.  We're sorry, but after keeping you on the wait list for the past couple months, we've decided you are now rejected.  Enclosed is a 100-page, full-color brochure on how rejected you are."""	Kevin, this is serious
Sorry to bother you while we're shooting, but the guy who owns the stage needs his money.	Well then you should pay him, shouldn't you
So, you finally got a job Morgan?	Had one, now I'm fucked again
It's a piece.	Your sure as hell right about that
Well, it's over.	But I feel like— My friends won't talk to me
My daddy never gave me anything without my having to sweat for it. Every summer, the way they kept me and Junior out of trouble was to send us to Big Daddy's farm. We would get up with the chickens. Every summer the fence had to be repaired. The barn needed a coat of paint. We had to pip all of Big Mama's hundred laying hens and go to church all day on Sunday. For Big Daddy, calluses and sweat were the mark of a man. Sunny will never have to bust his knuckles like we did.	I want Sunny to have an advantage that you and I never had, but he needs discipline, and you are not helping when I tell him to do something and you allow him to get out of it
Who is it?	Won't say.  Says he must talk to you
Lets see, it was before he moved to L.A... four years April.	Mrs. Stanwyk, may I borrow this picture. I promise to send it back to you. It's routine, really. The actuarial people need to -
No! All you've done is try to break my spirit, try to turn me into you! But I'm not you, mother, and I never will be, and thank god for it!  That goes for you too! And frankly, I don't know how, with the two of you, I turned out as sane as I am --  Wait right there, gentlemen, I'll be with you in a minute... and believe me, I don't want to stay here one second longer than I have to!  But I've got to tell you, Lillian, that one day before you die, you will realize what you've done and hang your head in shame. In shame!	But what -
You're right, let's knock it down.	What do you want it for anyway
NO!	I KNOW THE CONSEQUENCES
You don't like her. You only met her for two minutes.	Don't bring her to the house no more
You know what I mean. Leave her alone.	I was only talkin' to her
Damn! Never fails... minute the warranty runs out...	Come here
Well do you think it was him?	What do you think
I just went upstairs to see this man Lacerda. I told him I knew what he was up to...  He says he's a photographer! But when I mentioned Savage Henry he freaked! He knows we're onto him!	But what about our room? And the golf shoes
Where to now?	Laurie's
I won't and nothing you say-	"""The show must go on."
Kenny'll want to go with you. Cindy's holding a Q and A session at the bleachers. Come on.	I can't right now
...Who?... Did she say how far apart the pains were?... When was that?... Oh dear.	Oh dear
Who was it?	Just get your clothes on..
I told them to be here by nine. Its not 9:30 yet.	We should call the fire department
So, like, where is she?	Yeah, really
"Well, don't worry. I saw Miss Jacqueline only a week ago. I saw her at a little restaurant the boy friend took me to -- an Italian place down in the Village —-	""The Dante."""	"""The Dante?"
If he can do it, yes.	Why, certainly he can.  Matt, now all you've got to do is tell them where you were last night, between twelve and twelve-thirty, and everything will be all right
Drop the bogus forgery charge and I'll forget about your generous friends slash clients.	That's blackmail
How much does this cost?	Two thousand francs
Is that what she used to sing?	I miss her.  What do you think happens to someone after they die
A real space cadet. I wonder if she'll narc on us...	I have her in Creative Writing and she's fairly nice
I thought you were enjoying yourself?	Let's take a Carozza and look at the moon
I told you my father died in jail. He stole a fortune.  Most of it pretty dirty money.  I don't care to have that known.	Larry Mitchell found out.  So you killed him
What?	I have a yearning for... smog, cars and many, many people... A real dirty... big city. What do you think
Agent...	Kulok
Oh, God, no!	And the left side of your face is the good one.  Go again.  And try to punch one word or phrase in every sentence -- punch one idea a story.  Punch -- come on -
Yeah?	Go fix the phones
How do you know?	The designers tested it using the most intelligent and resourceful person they could find. He failed to escape
It is to me too.	You remind me of someone. You from the west coast
Maybe you don't know. I know you though. You're Jeffrey Beaumont and I know where you live and I know ways to get you and I know ways to kill you.	Please don't talk like that. You're upset. I'm not helping you. I'm sorry for what I did. I better go
These are your initials, 'K.C.'?	Kathy Costello.  That's my maiden name
Let me get you another glass of wine.	I've had quite enough or I wouldn't be playing such games with beautiful strangers. Aren't Peter's illusions to your liking
You coming tonight?	Yeah, I'm off early -- curfew you know.  Now that's poor taste
He's so close.  Maybe our best chance to blow him away.	No.  Just let him freeze out there
Yeah, hey, why don't yuh try it on?	Uh, yeah, uh... t-t-this is more like a present for you, yeah, but it's
... Yes?	I notice you're still working with polymers
What?	On occasion for security purposes, to double for the President at the Secret Service hires someone public functions and exposed situations
Are you planning to be home soon? LA, I mean.	No. I'm building a new house, the old one's been sold. I was going to take Regan to Europe for a while, after she finished school here. Why d'you ask
She did?	I just saw her
Cyclops?	Sounds like it!  Distress call, from a small freighter, between Ellesmere Island and Greenland. One mayday, then...nothing
I don't know. Forty-eight, I guess.	Any other family
A little.	Sorry
You shot an eight year old girl.	Uh... yes.  Apparently I did, air
It's somehow connected with the worm that's stealing the money.	We need your help to overload the Gibson so we can kill the Da Vinci virus and download the worm program
I really do think it's the best night of my life.	We didn't do nothin' special I can remember. Just talked, is all
A pleasure to torment me?	No -- a pride to know that I can force you to my will. I'm a small man -- a humble man -- and being poor, I've had to do much that I did not want to do. But so long as the great Dr. MacFarlane jumps at my whistle, that long am I a man -- and if I have not that, I have nothing. Then I am only a cabman and a grave-robber
Oh for God's sake!	See? You're ashamed. You know you're out of shape. Take my card.  I can help you tone that body up in no time. Get you on an aerobics and free-weights program
Oh, Jesus...	You stay -- if you want, you stay -- it's okay -- it's better -- maybe it's better -- I don't know --  But I can't stay here.  <u>I can't</u>
I'm there, daddy. Wheww. I'm cool enough to kill.	Bet you are
Is this a joke?	No joke. This is probably the best hamburger I've ever had. I'm serious, I've never had a hamburger taste this good
Oh, I don't belong formally. I've gone with my aunt.	Your aunt
Sure I do.  But the bet defense is a good offense, right?  You're not going to let your opponent throw you off your game.	You don't understand this guy
No heart to burn.	Everybody has a heart - except some people.  Of course I've got bicarb. There's a box in the pantry. We'll put your name on it. Max Fabian. It'll say there. Always. Just for you
That's fine.	That's a dollar forty-seven
What was prison like?	You don't really -
No more... please...	I can keep a victim alive for weeks... months, if I desire it... it's an art.  They beg for death... I keep it just out of their reach.  The pain remains constant
I make my end of the cash at 184,000.  Now I'm trying to figure out the bonds.  What the face value is.	You should've done all this before
Yessss!  Ah, ha, ha, ha...	Uh-oh
Jennie. You've tested positive for the HIV infection.	What
No.	Then what do you think he was trying to do
Oh, Jesus, James!  You killed him!	I did him a favor.  Now come on
He looked into my face and told me it wasn't about you.	And how do you feel when you are lied to
I want to arrest you for murder! I want to shake your hand and reload your gun! I want to kill my pride and give you my blessing.	My deal is with Rosanna. I knew you guys were up to something. Are you two fucking
You saved our lives. You did it!	We did it
I could of... easy.	Yeah, I guess so
Which do you think is her best shot...	The one on the left - definitely..
I do alright.	Good
What the hell do you think's the matter.  I could wait for you someplace.	If Arlyn Page is living with Tom Grunemann -
Hey... Dewey. Can we go now?	Hold up a sec..
Yes, with these suits.  We've used them before on atomic tests... Odd- looking, aren't they?	Very futuristic.  Yours doesn't really go with that butch haircut
Terrance and Phillip, you are under arrest for working in America without the proper documents! WE GOT YOU!	Dude, what the hell is going on
Good.	I was just kidding around
You follow your desire freely enough in the night. So, if that is all, to Greenwich I go.	Then I will go with you
What... Powwow...	The Powwow Safe where you steal your money! Where you cheat your Indians
No, see, I don't need a finder's fee, I need - finder's fee's, what, ten percent, heck that's not gonna do it for me. I need the principal.	Jerry, we're not just going to give you seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars
Yeah, that's right.  You wanna come in and shake it for me?	If you're gonna cheat, you might as well copy off somebody who's gonna get the answer right
They both have some growing up to do.  But they're good people, they're starting with love. They've got time.	I think you're making a mistake, sir
I'll need the Rembrandt now.	Sure, it's only worth 25 million or so, don't bother telling me what you're going to do with it
They're pretty.  Can I have them?	Sure. Now, let's move on to our French exam
It's true, Dignan.	Well. What do you want to do? You want to steal one or just drive your car
I just want to get this over with, so we can have the assembly and go home. We don't have much time until eighth period.  I have other things going on, too, you know.	Okay.  Yeah.  We kno
I don't think so, Brad.  We've just had word that the President is out of danger.  It seems I didn't kill him after all.	She was going to leave you anyway 
Nothing's going to happen.  Besides, I have to work tonight.  The conference is in less than two weeks. I've got to stay focused on that for just a little longer.  This is...	I know
Your mother met her?  Can I talk to your mother?	No. I told you, she's confined..
I want to stand for what I believe in, father.	Then you must find out what your beliefs are
Jeffrey, I don't think you ought to do it.	Why not
She's gotten worse, Father. She won't eat, she won't talk. The child won't even let me touch her.	Yes... Sometimes you have to give them candy
But we also fall in love; we build cities, we compose symphonies, and we endure. Why not put that in your books as well?	It's a fiction, not a moral treatise
I hope to Christ she doesn't expect us to wear these things.	Whatever it is just do it. The more we play along the faster we'll get the hell out of here
I had a nasty foreboding feeling at first, but now I realise my crime was too frightful for an ordinary lecture.	From now on, you're sleeping in the house, where we can keep an eye on you
What the hell do <u>we</u> care?	Eh?  I'm like the Rest of America.  I don't <u>care</u> -- I'm just <u>addicted to it</u>..
To lunch.	To lunch, you say. I am having coffee and sandwiches sent in. We are not leaving until we have everything ready for the opening
Diane?  Diane!	Huh-ha-wha?  Ahh!  I'm under the ice!  I'm uh -- oh...man...  That was a weird one
You going to answer it?	Uh-uh
Sure, I guess.	Well there's a few choice LPs in here that re-issue some really great old blues stuff
I gotta tell you, it's just luck you guys came when you did.  They move us around a lot... We only been at that camp a week.  Got a smoke?	No
Name your stakes.	If I win, you become my slave
Spare me the details.	But there's more.  Wednesday someone played javelin with the cemetary curator in Felton, Delaware.  Some locals spotted two cars with D.C. plates and surprise surprise, they turn out to be registered to our own Brenna Cartwright and the ever popular Richard Taupin
Come on, guys -- we're fighting against evil.	Good or evil, what's the difference
She sings too?	Constantly. Without doubt. And plays the lute, she has a natural ear. And her bosom--did I mention her bosom
Starling -	That's why they're all so big - because he needs a lot of skin! He keeps them alive to starve them awhile - to loosen their skin, so that 
I get the feeling, Falco, that you're always snooping around...	Steve, stop it please..
His name's David Stockman.  He's been here twenty years, that's all he says.	Ted, you must remember what the doctor said, the first step on the road to sanity is admitting that you're sick.  Now take your electro-shock and you'll be back at the space center in no time.  And by the way, Ted, I'm leaving you for Simon
Why don't you just say thank you and go, go, go --	Not until you promise to act like a sensible human being
I take it this file is still open.	Even tough I don't talk to her every day -- I still talk to her every day.  Know what I mean
The great Bill Parrish at a loss for words?  The man from whose lips fall 'rapture' and 'passion' and 'obses- sion'...all those admonitions about being 'deliberately happy', what there is no sense 'living your life without...', all the sparks and energy you give off, the rosy advice you dispense in round, pear-shaped tones --	What the hell is this?  Who are you
J.T.'s done everything he can. I married a brave man. Augie, take that delightful gift your uncle gave you out of here while we're talking.  McKendrick picked the new sheriff himself, so J.T. can't even get the law enforced.	Half the gunslingers that drift into town turn up on our police force
'Yew-cheen chef-faw'... My collar size is exactly the same as it was at the Academy.	Sure it is. And your hair is still chestnut brown
No.	Not at all
Yes.	Will you tell him
Not criticize -- plead.  Love.  Love your people, and you will not bear to see them hungry.  Love women, and they will love you.  Love yourself, and --	That is enough!  You are a good servant, d'Artagnan, but you forget your place
This is painted on a backdrop from the Kabuki theater in Japan. I painted it after Joseph Beuys died. A rebirth painting. I felt like he could've painted it, or maybe someone else was painting it instead of me. The Chinese calligraphers used to change their name mid-career so they could start over as someone else..	Do you ever get sick of it
You're Margo Channing's best friend. You and your husband are always with her - and Mr. Sampson... what's he like?	Bill Sampson? He's - he's a director
So you're just going to give up and go home?	I don't have much choice, do I? It's pretty clear she doesn't want me around
Nothing further, your Honor.	Mr. Galvin, rebuttal
What about easier to hit in an air raid?	Who's gonna to that?  Japan is four thousand miles away.  So you guys just arrived, huh
"You have any other answers besides ""not really""?"	Not -
Yeah.	C'mere.  You wanna go to homicide school?  Here - make yourself useful
What about your bags?	I never carry...baggage
I make it twentysix twenty-three. You're fifty short, Skins.	Gimme
Why did you do that?	Well, if every time someone did something offensive they hit in the head with a pebble, I think they might alter their behavior. What do you think Jack..
At what time will you be available?	Three o’clock
No, really.  I've never met anyone like her before.  This is it.	Yeah, right.  That's what you said about Janet, and Beth, and Barbara -
Yes.	You alone in there
You got a lot of guts calling me.	Yes I do. That's all I got. Guts and you, Johnson. There's no one else I can trust
I called your agent.  I called the Screen Writers Guild.  Finally your old apartment gave me some Crestview number.  There was always somebody with an accent growling at me.  You were not there.  You were not to be spoken to.  They never heard of you.	Is that so? What's the wonderful news
What's a lunch cost these days? You want ten?	Sure
Damn it!	I didn't even see them fire
I'm a dangerous man.  You're not gonna ruin my massage because of some midget in a house coat.	I'm calling for back up
If my mother caught me up here she'd kill me.	Who's is all this
I saw him in Vegas once.	Are you a gambling man
You think <u>I</u> didn't have some dirty words for that little putz?  You think <u>I</u> couldn't figure out some low blows?	You weren't passing 'em out
I can't remember.  I've got to make some money.	Thirty thousand dollars reward.  In the whereabouts of Il Dottore Fanelli, or the apprehension of his..
Watch me.	Good luck, since I got the keys
I'm going to bail on the other side and wait. This bridge is the only way he can follow.	What if it's not who you think it is
Chevalier, though I cannot say how, I believe you have cheated me.	I deny your Grace's accusations, and beg you to say how you have been cheated
Why don't we just rent it for the season?	You see, we've just--oh, you tell him, darling.  I'm so embarrassed I could die
On Earth -- no.  But on Krypton we could slice him up like Oscar Mayer Bologna.	Wow
Forgive me. We all have patriotic feelings of some kind.	Two thousand, two hundred florins is all I need A hundred? Fifty
Just tell me where it hurts, baby.	What
Look at Kenny Rossi. Isn't he dreamy? I wish he'd break up with Arlene. She thinks she's so great.	Don't eat the red ones
You sure?	Yeah, I'm sure
You're not even coming?	Of course I'm not coming.  Do I look like I'd want to listen to some terrible experimental racket played in some hideous cave?  Where is it?  The fucking Bucktown Pub?  Ha
We just cleared all four floors. No sign of him.	Damn! Where the hell is he? We should've found him by now
Doesn't the isolation bother you?	Yeah, but I like the sun.  I grew up on a reservation.  The sun, the desert; they like a religion to us.  Jake's the same way.  He loves the desert.  I guess we're alike that way.  That's about the only way
So ... I guess as long as I'm here, all sorts of things could happen to this place. We could have pink lawns and blue trees ...	Just gimme the damn remote
"I already know. The ""Slow Club."" It's on Route 7."	Great. I'll pick you up around eight o'clock. Is that good
Why not?	It's today
Red Label.	Right. Sorry
How 'bout you?	*Some*body got to take the blame. They just *got* to hang it on somebody, you know.  An' I ain't doin' nothin' but set around
Yeah, Mack?	Let me get on your shoulders
Yeah.	We're gonna be here a week
What the hell you want to go there for?	You know it
He's got nothing to do with this. It's me you want, right?	Let the hooker go.  She's not important
How's your patient?	Recovering nicely
I didn't do it.	You could have
Cut.	What are you doing that for
Six kilometers.  Four miles.	So how are we going to get this place shaped up
Yes.	He's dead, huh
Yeah ... and they both use the same address.	Where at
And before 1900, when people first starting swimming for recreation, before public bathing and resorts, there were very few shark attacks, cause sharks didn't know what they were missing?	You could say that
Who?	Pop Leibel owns the Argosy Book Shop. What do you want to know
I fail to see how someone courageous enough to make a commitment to a foreign mission is automatically to be dismissed--that part of the world requires precisely the kind of dedication that is needed here.	Does it *snow* in Bombay? One winter here and we'll be shipping him south, in a *coffin*
I'm here.	Because you don't really seem here
Don't blame yourself. In your shoes, I don't think I would have told Parker, either.  So do you think Grimes has become the dominant personality?	I'm not sure. My guess is that's what Sid wants us to think
Shall I see you again?	I -
How 'bout turning off that music for a while so a man can hear himself think?	That music is for everyone, Mister McMurphy
A statement? Good.	I have it here
Um, I understand that this science friction is popular -- but don't the big hits always have big stars?	Yeah, well we've GOT a big star! Bela Lugosi!
Was there any trigger event?  A trauma, shock or...  You haven't shown him any of the films you make, have you?  The horror stuff?	No..
OK. Boy. Jesus!	Yeah. What do I, uh..
What it says on the bumper sticker up front. On that pickup.	That's disgustin'. Those kinda sentiments shouldn't be allowed out in public. Is this Biloxi yet
He may be a kook but he's also been all over the world with them.  He even swam in the Grimetti with killer Niles all around him, he never got nipped.	And that's why he thinks they're Godly
The bishop is breathing down our necks.	And the sooner she goes to prison, the better off she'll be
Most don't.	You're discouraged
Oh, now you think I can be trusted.	Take a job, Creasy. Breathe some air. Then decide if you want to... stick around or not
You're supposed to be snitching, making me look legit.	Don't worry, nobody knows I'm inside.  Check it out.  Remember that fat fuck agent who roughed us up in Thailand?  He's being treated for bone cancer at the V.A.  Thanks to the miracle of NSA grid-technology ...  -- Ooops!  His radiation does just quadrupled
Anybody have a cigarette?  But seriously, do me a favor and Concorde me back to prison.  I don't care anymore.  I hope you have the receipts for the threads.	"You go back, you won't be alone. You'll have a diabetic barkeep cellmate.  You're still young enough to have fun shanking child molesters for a pack of smokes, but ""Alex"" will go in knowing that the next time he gets out it'll be to attend his own funeral. Depressing"
Mom, please	You'll have to watch Jamie tonight
Oh, Jesus. You're such a fuckin' retard!	Fuck you
Why's that?	Well, for one thing, we simply don't have the money to keep feeding them a couple of tons of shrimp a day
Yah, I'm down in the Twin Cities and I was just watching on TV about these shootings up in Brainerd, and I saw you on the news there.	Yah
Oh, yeah, just sitting there eatin' a salad, you know. That kind of thing happens all the time in L.A. It's, you know... I met Johnny Depp.	You did? I love him. Yeah, you know, I'm thinking of moving to New York
Yah, he -	Where'd you get him that parka
He's missing.	Hope with none of my girl friends
You always give me the doll on the same night of the year.	I didn't realise
You could have a great beach house for that.	Sure you could, in Wildwood, New Jersey. If you sold this,  you could have a pretty nice penthouse on Fifth. But you wouldn't have much left over for decoration
You're doing the right thing, Dick ... don't let 'em shake you.	It broke my heart when Harold died
I care about you, a - But I just don't have those kind of feelings for you. I'm sorry. I'm not in love with you.	I - I - I..
I think you're making a mistake.	That's the boy. Keep 'em flying
That's because --	It's because there's nothing to be afraid of anymore.  The world's about to end.  I feel like I could save it
No.	We have to be strong, sweetheart. If not for ourselves, for the child
Athos, do you understand this?  He confuses me --	I carried the king's child!  The queen had twins that night, and one of them was sent away, in secret
You...	You build it
I thought you were going back to the apartment.	You said you wanted these
Oh yeah?	You were pretty popular. Didn't you run for some office
A boy or girl?	A little ol' boy
Sorry, comb got caught.	Be gentle, child.  Mother Sister is an old woman
Hey, the rink is empty 'cause we're closed -- ya ain't allowed in here so do me a favor an' not stay here.	Wait here, gotta smooth this guy out
Uh... yeah. Yeah.	There ain't no snakes in here, Mister Hendershot
Yes.	I'm Dr. Hoffman, Medical Administrator
That's another of the things I'm not so sure of.	Because people at the Committee were told to lie to the prosecutors
"You're not exactly ""going anywhere"" yourself."	You're wrong about that. I'm heading out that door right now
Is it?	Don't talk like that. How prominent? What are you implying
May I have a drink?	A drink? Of course
Boy, you're so perfect you can look down on me?	I ain't a damn liar
Good.	Yes. But my boss reckons you’d still be better off as a limited company. For expenses and all that, you know? It’d cost you about £100 but he said it’d be worth it.  Of course, you’d need a partner to register. But that’s a formality. I mean, I could be your partner. I mean, just as a name, right
"You know, I gotta tell you.  That really bothers me, somebody calls me ""son."""	"Then how about if I call you ""ass-.."
Sorry, Mrs. Chambers. I hate bothering you...	You didn't!  It's tinkerbell.  Al wants to be sure he'll hear it if anyone rings it in the middle of the night.  Well come on in, at least
Well?	Why not
After all the threats and all the bullshit, it turned out Ginger didn't tell 'em anything. But by then, the Feds didn't need her, anyway.	But it was just mine
What happened?	As happens so frequently here on Romulus, a new government came to power. They decided to abandon the plan -- frankly, I think they were afraid I'd be discovered and it would lead to war. They weren't ready for that
I am going to lock him up.	You're not supposed to punish my son, Mary
So, this is what you do?  I mean when you're not playing other parts?	I take it things didn't work out between the two of you
Matheson has been transferred from the Denver office to Frisco. As a professional courtesy between offices, I was asked if he could hitch a ride.	We've got a full crew, but we can squeeze one more, right
It was hot, yes.	You and Lois, you get all the action.  There she is, out in the wild West and everything
Supposin' you met an elephant?	I'd wrap him up in cellophant
Do you want us to turn around and go back home? Do you?	What are you asking me for? You didn't ask me if I wanted to come in the first place -- now I get to decide? Forget it
"Even this--""Herb Shuttle"", you said?"	He worships Father
Yes--and he's already becoming vague to me.  Funny!  Last night I was furiously jealous.  Jealous of what?  I out that gun in my bag deliberately.  Who was I going to kill with it?  A girl I didn't even know?  A man I knew to be a thief and a forger?  A half-man? A gigolo?  It's already ludicrous. Love!  What a comedy!	You didn't play it for laughs last night
About doing things. You light candles, say prayers, keep the Sabbath, visit the sick....	And belief follows
Then tell me. Where are your sheets?	I burnt them
Yes, now-now that you mention it, uh, I-I-I have, uh, buzzing and also ringing.  Ringing and buzzing. Um, am I going deaf, or something?	And it's just in one ear
Maybe we better call that psychiatric clinic.	Better call an ambulance first
At least it finally stopped raining.	It can't rain all the time
Yeah.	What is it?  A Disneyland thing
You know something about the human body, Gray.	I've had some experience
It's my birthday.	Happy birthday
Gentlemen! Thank you! You are welcome.	Who is that
Shit! David, what is that?	I don't know. Come on
Do you pray to God, Mr. Lounds?	Yes
Trilithium?	An experimental compound the Romulans have been working on. In theory, a trilithium-based explosive would be thousands of times more powerful than an anti-matter weapon. But they never found a way to stabilize it
Don't need to think fast to handle beer.	Took some talking to convince your super I was a relative
Come now.  You've seen the graffiti -- all over the city in the few hors it has taken your men to drop like plague victims. What about your turf, Top?  You don't seem to have ripped out anyone's heart yet.	The night is young
You bet.	Like what
And your gun.	Think I could have them back
Where to?	No place special.  Just hanging out
Now, just have a little patience, my boy.  Your birthday isn't until next week.	But I will have it on my birthday, won't I
See. I told you there'd be a shaft.	Just like on TV
Hey, Cobb...Man, why don't you take off your shirt and pants, man?  You should do that wearing what you're going to wear at the beach.	This is what I wear at the beach, goddamnit
Somebody's got to stop him, Leon.	He was under great strain: you don't understand, he's a very mixed up person
Aren't we early?	Little celebration before we set off
Okay.	I'll catch up with you
Surviving, darling. It's my specialty. Only this time I'm doing it my style. I've beaten him, you know.	Who
It wasn't my baby. She wasn't my baby. Baby Dawn. She wasn't mine. Spud's? Swanney's? Sick Boy's? I don't know. Maybe Allison knew. Maybe not. I wished I could think of something to say, something sympathetic, something human.	Say something, Mark, say something -
I hate that dog. I'm the only person in the world he doesn't like.	What's this big, big news
Commander, what are you doing here?	Where should I be?  Where's everyone else
Is that right?	Yeah-- after I shoot you through the fucking forehead I'm gonna fuck you in the bullethole
Miss Noguchi!  You're wanted in admin.	Thanks
Fifty yards and closing.	What do we use for defense
Would they do that?	Who knows? That's why I filed it down
Delay the procedure. Let my people look at the technology.	Our best scientific minds already have. We can't find any other way to do this
All right, so that's what we've got. A week.  It's plenty of time.	But if we <u>haven't</u> caught it in a week, then we have to go into the freezers anyway
Hey, Jack?  Bullshit.  I didn't make my first million until I was forty- two.  Forty-two.  You really <u>want</u> to change, it's never too late.	I don't know.  I'm not exactly the nine-to-five type
I don't know what he did to her, but she got even.	Was he all pissed off
I feel so embarrassed.	Why? You uncorked a bottle. From what I can tell, I got here just in time. Any later and you'd have made the front page, running down Main Street naked, smoking Camels out of your butt
Yes.	Well -- I don't know
Splendid.  I'm actually in the stock- market, so not really similar fields, though I have done some amateur stuff -- P.G. Wodehouse, you know -- farce, all that.  'Ooh -- careful there, vicar.'  Always imagined it's a pretty tough job, though, acting. I mean the wages are a scandal, aren't they?	Well, they can be
No, I didn't mean that -- whatever that means. I mean, you just don't look young enough.	I'm not
Well it just seems a little bit crude, that's all.	What about the killing and looting? That's just as crude, isn't it
That musta messed 'em up pretty bad.	What happened to 'em after that, Willie
Which was his room?	Number ten
What happened to her?	Ahh, complications during child birth, she died two days after Vada was born
Well... uh... I... I ain't got no, uh, firearms.	Them friends of yours in the back, they carryin' pistols
How can you tell that?	I trust my instincts.  Admiral Kirk. This is your opponent speaking
Where've you been? We've been trying to find you all morning.	Helen and I went out for breakfast. EXCOM's not supposed to convene til eight
I'm not very good at it.	I am. Let me get the cards
I've never given it much thought.	Don't.  It will save you a great deal of trouble and other people a great  unhappiness
I wondered when you might ring the bell again, Officer White.	It's Bud
It's just something I'd prefer she didn't know about.	She's a grown-up, she can handle it
Stars... When a sun is far away, we call it a 'star.'	We were doing a map of the stars and all the other things up there when we saw a small ship. My... eh... we kidnapped it. On it there was a map that said how to come to Earth. This was very important. Before then, we thought we were the only people in all the stars
I know it sounds like a lame question, but in New Jersey I know this sounds like a lame question, but last month-I don't know if you've heard about this, but a young stockbroker was recently arrested and charged with murdering a young Chicano girl and performing voodoo rituals with various body parts-	Yikes! No. Paul wasn't into that. He followed a balanced diet and
Dad, what the hell is going on?	Just a minute, John...okay?  Don't go away
Why?	I think he might be worried
It's that hot rod Joey, right? That ' s who you want me to bend my rules for?	"He's not a ""hot rod"".  Whatever that is"
Sir, I'd like to ask you a few--	--what time is it
You can't believe that.  You don't know what viciousness it would take to drive a person mad.  You're not vicious or cruel, Paul.	How do you know I'm not?  I was cruel to Jessica.  When I got to know her -- when I found out how empty and ungenerous she was, there was something about her -- something smooth and false -- that made we want to hurt her
I don't think your mother would like that.	Just a little one
Maybe you ought to buy me one.	Maybe I would if I knew when you were coming back
What's Nicky doing down there?	Trying to capture his brother in a flask and preserve the balance of good and evil on Earth
Nothing out of the ordinary....	Once he locked himself in the bathroom and your grandfather had to get the ladder and climb in through the window...
I'm afraid you are.	No, I'm not..
Whatís going to make him do that?	What he didnít get in Prague.  The NOC list
So how is it in there?	What can I say? It's jail. You don't sleep when you want to. You don't eat when you want to
Right.  Don't say my name, just listen.  Somebody shot your father outside his place fifteen minutes ago.	Is he alive
Of course I killed them, you DUMB FUCK.  And torched every shred of evidence that proves who you really are.  Swallow this one, Commander. You are going to be in here for the rest of your life.	What are you going to do, Castor
Like we told you before, we think he's into something with the King Pin --	Look, I'm not a confrontational person by nature
It's not fair ... I should be there with them. After all, I'm the one who got the women the vote.	No
Don't worry about it.  Just stay cool.	Stay cool?  You ain't Dirty Harry. Now stop it
Peggy Sue!	You better watch out for her. She's after Charlie
How much is a person supposed to stand?	Quiet
You want me to wear white for you? You must be madder than I thought...	But ELLEN, I told you I have stopped..
"What if I were to say ""Your Wife""-- as in does she know of your touching mentor-student relationship with the post-Bicentennial babe working the roulette wheel?"	Kelly, get to work on those new uniforms.  I'm not running a summer camp here.
Good.	Look, I appreciate, you know, the concern and all, but like he said, I can take care of myself
Another premonition?	Yes.  I was in a hospital.  There was screaming... A nurse was choking me.  I couldn't tell what she looked like, but the name tag was right in my face.  Kalarjian
Alright.	Good.  Now we're talking
Abort.  Thatís an order.	<u>Negative</u>, Golitsynís on the move
Dorothy, let me tell you something, we are back. We are so very very back.  I re-signed Cush. We're set.	We are
We can't let him run around.  He knows too much.	Lori says he can't remember jack shit
Okay.  It was funny.  But it cost me money.	Come on, amigo, the world's full of marks.  And nobody knows how to work 'em like you do, pal.  You could sell a goddamn rat's asshole for a wedding ring!  Let me buy you a drink
That's what they called it when I was in Juvenile.  It's a pretty dismal place.	It's a shithole.  But she was dirty, what was I gonna do
I know what you did inside. You did what you had to do. I'm not talking about that.  I'm talking from now on, outside. I'm talking right here.	Why would I get into that
There wasn't one.  The police looked.	Do you think the police did a good job
Yeah?	Yeah, I'm-I'm-I'm a wreck
Yes, MCP.	I've got a little challenge for you, Sark -- a new recruit. He's a tough case, but I want him treated in the usual manner. Train him for the games... let him hope for a while... and blow him away
What you say?	LET THY SOUL BE HEALE
Since I'm a kid, I had this dream... I want to own my own tropical island... Beaches, warm ocean, lots of food, little clothes...population of one...	Anti social
Rent.  You're late.	Don't give me that.  Kit gave it to you yesterday, cash
I'll see you later.	Ok
She's here.	Where is she now
How long until we reach the fleet?	At our current velocity we will arrive at sector 3274 in approximately 40 minutes
It was a mutual decision.	You made me have you erased! I loved you. I love you! How could you -
Back to the ship, huh?	Get out of our way
I cracked the Whiteman case with this.	Stanley, I heard all about it
Thanks, Charles.	No sweat, buddy
What have you ordered?	It's a Rob Roy. A very popular drink, I'm told
Who was just here?	Iris, man.  Pay attention
Frankie! Frankie, you piece of shit!	Fuck you, you motherfuck
Don't feel that way, honey.	Then why are you listening to her 
M'hm.	You know, and the miserable is everyone else. That's-that's all. So- so when you go through life you should be thankful that you're miserable, because that's- You're very lucky... to be...  ...to be miserable
The great Morpheus.  We meet at last.	And you are
You ready to eat?	I'll wait till after the children
You're what?	I wet my pants! My seat's all wet
This pizda? Never seen him before.	Who you workin' for? What do you do for a living, dickhead
I know what a hologram is, Captain. The question is -- why would someone want to create one of our village?	Data, if you were following the boy and discovered this ship..
Uhh... I don't know.	Guess
I'll send your toys there and I'm sure you'll get some new ones.	Who will read me my stories
An employee I had to let go.	What did he do
What?	A story
I thought she'd be here.  I'll go with you.	Okay
And you're gonna tell me who.	Who ever made that
But how could he know?  He only just met me.	Men have ways
Please understand, the schedule has been set up for a delicately balanced reason that would be thrown into turmoil by a switch of routines.	The hell with the schedule, you can get back to the schedule next week when the series is over. What I want is a vote on it right now
Are you going to have coffee?	Yes, please
No, before my time.	You don't read, do you
What does that have to do with it? She don't look 15 to me. I heard somethin' with Salvy. She was with him once or somethin', I think. It was like some blonde. That's the one...	Probably. You know she talks to everybody, and not just him
I've had nice things before but I always ruined 'em somehow.	Well, this one's yours now. You ready to take care of it
You just fucked a total stranger?	Shut the fuck up
My bed, gone! Am I to freeze to death?	His rug
-- whatever, and the Israelis and the Palestinians don't.  Art Garfunkel and Marvin Gaye are not engaged in a bitter territorial dispute, and the Israelis and the Palestinians are. Art Garfunkel and Marvin Gaye --	-- Alright, alright but -
I think it's a gun pressing against my dick.	You thought right... Now take your hands from around my throat, nigga
My wife is the game player in the family, sir.	Games?  Look at me closely, Patterson: I am a monster. My only pleasure is tormenting people who work for me, such as yourself.  One mistake and I promise you this: I'll make you hate me
Well, Mr. Gardiner, from the sound of our audience, I'd say that your words are a most welcome respite from what we've been hearing from others...	Thank you
Duke.	"Duck, I says.  ""You have insulted the honor of this beautiful woman, Corcoran,"" said the duck. ""You must apologize."" But Two Gun Corcoran would have none of it and, cursing, he reached for his pistols and would have killed them but The Duck was faster and hot lead blazed from his smoking sixguns."
Tony and I have to talk some business, first.	I gotta try and overcharge him, he has to moan about the price, we settle somewhere in the middle
What's wrong with her -- ?	The right side of the engine is running richer than the left. And the scope isn't showing shit... I dunno..
I hear them boys, those Black Panthers, they're communists. They don't even believe in God.	Mom, black folks been praying to God for four hundred years. Maybe it's time we tried something else..
Small world.	Luke's depo ran late.  I promised I'd take notes
Love holds you to me. And we are in danger, not you.	Love
How'd you do that?	Must've been a defective puck
I ain't ever gonna fight Joe Louis, that's what's the matter.	What're you talking about? He's a heavyweight. You're a middleweight
How many to a cell?	Four in this block, sir
What's the money for?	A new pair of panty hose. Is it enough
When?	Two weeks, three at the most, Aaaagh! For pity's sake
The Medieval Philosophers were right... <Man> is the center of the Universe... We stand in the middle of Infinity, between Outer and Inner Space. And there's no limit to either.	You mean Inner Space is endless
It is accepted, Mr. Carter, with assurances of my deepest regard.	But Mr. Kane, I meant 
Mm. Ordinarily I wouldn't bother you with it, but -- this is embarrassing, kid -- it seems to concern you directly.	How's that, Sid
Hey!  Someone's still in here.	Wait, don't open it ... that's one of the traps for the ice creatures
All right -- so it's buried with you!	What if one hasn't a soul any more? What of that
I'm no stranger to the notion of philanthropy. Andrew Carnegie has long been one of my idols.	"What about the future? You planning to rock the boat at all? Stir things up in ""Heaven?"
Paul. Are you alright?	We have a big problem. The Hutu army have come and ordered us all of us out of the hotel
I want you to get Sartorius to abandon his plan.	What plan
I told the truth at that 'hearing'of yours.	You lied. Where is your tribe
You got a telegram from head­quarters today.	Headquarters!? What is it
Well, what about the sex stuff?  What if some dude is after you, and he's always saying stuff, commin' on sweet and mellow.  Like, oh, baby, you know you'll love it.  Oh, baby, if you loved me, you'd stay.	And you listen to that
Really? What did he say?	He said you're quite chubby. And you have a nervous tick
But what did he see that made him panic?	What do you think he saw
So Josh, if this guy freaks out, will you protect us?	He has every reason to freak out -- this is a totally fucked-up thing to do to somebody
She'll prob'ly ride like a bull calf-- but she'll ride!	Reckon we better begin roustin' 'em out if we aim to get outa here by daylight. How about it, John? How you boys comin'
No, no! I haven't heard any of this.  I never got those telephone calls.  I've never been in this house ... Get your things together. Let's get out of here.	All my things? All the eighteen suits, all the custom-made shoes and the eighteen dozen shirts, and the cuff-links and the platinum key- chains, and the cigarette cases
Anxiety.	Last week when she chopped her Barbie's bangs all to hell -
Makes her look even more innocent.	What would she want with weapons grade plutonium
Johnny... what's going on?  I don't get it... did I do something?	No.  I'm sorry.  I have to go. I'll, uh... I'll call you later. I'm sorry
Suppose that you bear five or six children with your characteristics. All in Siwash Cave. In a postcatastrophe world, your offspring would of necessity intermarry, forming in time a tribe. A tribe every member of which had giant thumbs. A tribe of Big Thumbs would relate to the environment in very special ways. It could not use weapons or produce sophisticated tools. It would have to rely on its wits and its senses. It would have to live with animals -- and plants! -- as virtual equals. It's extremely pleasant to me to think about a tribe of physical eccentrics living peacefully with animals and plants, learning their languages, perhaps, and paying them the respect they deserve.	How am I going to be the progenitor of a tribe when I'm living on an isolated ridgetop with Delores
That's a lie.	You hid the wastepaper basket in her room
Well now, Miss Flaemm, we can talk.	Some champagne, Miss Flaemm
They got that kind of money?	Their family owns..
You know how it'll come out and feel... y'know... little more, little more... Yeah, yeah, that's right.  Go round just at first, keep it in first, just feel it.	I'm doing alright
I -- I don't know what to say. I know he's under a cloud, but there's not a more dedicated man in the entire medical profession.	You still never know what's going on in anyone's mind..
God damn it's him. I gotta go.	Judge man. Watch yourself. Sabu's got juice now
Yes.	It must be hard, being so far away from her
Make it official, if you like.	What is your nationality
He's got nothing to do with me.	I couldn't imagine how I could compete with him for any part of you.  So, I didn't.  He wanted you to have his last name...I let him even take that
He may have a gun!	Oh, for God's sake
Of course he will. [Beat] What day of the week is it?	It's Sunday
Well, I wouldn't call them nincom --	They're going to discharge eight percent of the work force here at Hudsucker. Why, in New York alone that means eighteen hundred people out of work, people with wives and children and families -
Very clever.	Now I'll have to borrow your key
I need its matrix coordinates, Dixie. I've got to nail that thing where it lives.	Who got you into this
Stop him, Alex. You've got to stop him.	Let him go. Let him take it all
It would stand to reason, yes.	Hence, the Empire was a fascist theocracy, and the rebel forces were therefore battling religious persecution
Come on, Saavik, you COULD knock -	We're almost at the rendezvous - I thought you'd want to know..
He went home sick.	Jesus. All right, what's the address
Our chance to do what?	I don't know these guys, but I know 'em.  I've seen 'em on Japanese whalers, French barges trying to dump barrels of nuclear waste in the North Atlantic.  They're all the same. They spray us with water cannon when we try to stop 'em, sink our boats, and then call us crazy
Why, Betsy -- we can't lose you. You mean too much to us here.	That's sweet of you, Mrs. Rand
Hard to imagine you in Boy Scouts.	This clear layer in glycerin.  We'll mix it back in when we make the soap
Mr. Lundegaard, that very well may be. I must inform you, however, that absent the receipt of those numbers by tomorrow afternoon, I will have to refer this matter to our legal department.	Yah
What??  Where'd you hear that?	I got my sources
What happened?	Please pardon me. I am Niccolo Spergazzi. I am a resident here. I don't know... we were walking in the hallway and... Cabiria... my wife... she was attacked by this thing... here, on her arm
Put more into it!	YEA, ART THOU THERE?
What's that you're saying?	Nothing
Want something to drink?  There's always champagne on ice, and plenty of caviar.	Why did she call me
He's a very talented musician.	Every woman at some point has to date a musician. I wish you'd get rid of Mark for good. Every time you break up you see him more than when you were going out
Did you call, sir?	Smythe, come here. I want to talk to you.  Come on, Smythe, talk to me. Smythe, I'm going nuts. I'm going nuts in this house! This big . . . come on, I'm not going to hurt you. Come on, what's the matter with you
There are two bodies found at this point.	Can we go up to the crime scene
Ninety five percent?  Just give me the money now.	Talk is cheap.  Are we on or not
Stop saying it.  AAAArghh! ... I've said it ...	You've said it!  Aaaaarghhh! ... We've said it ... Wwe're all saying it
Warp Drive as soon as possible, Mr. Scott.	Captain, it was our anti-matter imbalance that created the wormhole in the first place. It will happen again if we don't correct it
He busted the back window with his feet, and fled on foot.  We pursued him into this warehouse - but he's - gone, south - maybe a couple of miles if he's fast -	Why didn't you call for back-up! What were you thinking, Jesus!!
Mrs. Mulwray, I'm afraid that's not good enough.	Well, how much would you like
Yes, sir.	All right, thanks to her, and thanks to this case of epizootics, you are getting another chance.  But don't try my patience again. We have growing children in this house. Do you understand me
If we went there, would you be able to find him?	You're not a film producer, are you
Fungus?	He doesn1t have fungus, does he
You okay?	Yeah. Just grazed me.  The Professor's under the floor too...with the Overthruster..
We've got to get you to a hospital.	Don't bother
I wouldn't say that. But at least you've put the camera to good use.	And now you've got your Christmas story, don't you
Mmmm-hmm. Where's the, uh, 'Dragon's lair?' Where do you live?	Edinburgh
Naw, man. I gotta be someplace. I was kinda hopin you could come with me.	What'd ya mean
They give me fifty dollars when they turned me loose. I spent up some of it on ridin' the bus and eatin' french-fried potaters.	Well, I'm gonna pay you today for this comin' week, so you'll have some walkin' around money. When you get off this evenin' you better go buy some toothpaste and cleanin' up supplies to have back there. Some hard candy and some magazines. Somethin' to keep you busy at night
I'm only going to have you for two more years. If you decide not to go on to college--	I can't take any more school
Ok. Well. I'm gonna go out of town. I'm going to go out of town just for two days...	Where you goin
"""To be or not to be, that is the question"" which preoccupies our people, Captain Kirk. We need BREATHING room..."	I beg your pardon
Continue.	I was diagnosed with AIDS eight months ago. During a bout of pneumonia. I recovered quickly and was back at work in ten days. Since I was doing so well on the AZT, we decided against telling anyone about it
I don't understand.	I told you, time has no meaning here. If you leave, you can go anywhere, any time
If we can build a machine to re-create the storm, we can reverse the polarity --	And reverse the mutations -
You know what I mean. You couldn't make that shot again in a million years.	I couldn't, huh? Okay. Go ahead. Set 'em up the way they were before
I'm gonna gut your ass in a second.	Did you really put her liver in the mailbox? I hear they found her liver in the mailbox
Machines can be helpful sometimes, but they can also be a pain in the ass.  Ask for a trace on a forger and you might wind up at a steel- mill.  I don't mind a bum-steer once in a while -- it's their personalities that usually get me.  Somebody once said that man makes machines in his own image.  If that's true, whoever made Esper should have been shot.	This is Esper and I'm ready.  Go ahead please
Amends...?	Think boy. That night. The night of the fire. At the barn. You were only six years old
Our people out there, they good people? People in the right place?	The best
Your house?	O-o-oh, I get you—  All right. All right. I don't blame you. I kinda forgot myself for a moment, there. That's what I call getting me told, isn't it, Anne
My kid sister.  She just broke up with her boyfriend and she's thinking about dropping out of law school.	I'm sorry -
What about this, Burns? Kidnapping, eh?	Oh, trying to frame me, eh! I never saw this woman before in my life
Keep thinking.	I have been... I think you're right
Yes?	Why I'm so lucky. Why I should find you waiting for me to come along
Nope.	He give 'em names
Please, don't misunderstand me, Mr. Richards. I think that part of Miss Channing's greatness lies in her ability to choose the best plays... your new play is for Miss Channing, isn't it, Mr. Richards?	Of course it is
...I... I know what you are.	Do you know why I'm here
Who's setting you up in this place?	Brumby
You remember when I asked you about pornography --	-- I find it degrading. Maximum gynecology and minimum turn-on -
Where are you?	I found a room
Don't make me pull rank, Ripley.	What rank?  I believe Corporal Hicks has authority here
Judy, I just want you to look nice. And I know what kind of suit would look well on you.	Ah, no!!! I don't want to be dressed like someone dead
To infinity and beyond!	Oh, all this packing makes me hungry.  What would you say to dinner at, uh, oh, Pizza Planet
What? You sure?	That's what it says
At least I'm open to new concepts!	And you don't have to snort cocaine at the table all the time!  What do you, what do you do?  Carry a kilo around in your purse
Okay. All our ladies should be home now, tucked in bed. Let's keep chilly. Think Slow. Any questions?	You sure I can't go with ya
Who will read me my stories?	Your mom
Insidious thing, wondering if your partner...has another partner.	Okay, look, I'm delivering this to a man who's going to give us the key to our job. But it's pointless to try to explain it yet. You just have to trust me. I don't have any more secrets
That sounds promising.  Can we operate the crane from here?	Nah.  It's got programmable facilities, but it was never rigged for remote operation.  Someone'd have to go up to the cab to get it up and running
Where is escort service?	That's confidential.  Could you put the money on the dresser
How soon can we get up and running?	We can't...we got one engine dead, and the other limping badly
I didn't forget. I was just working on a tangent. See, most men, they'll tell a story straight through, and it won't be complicated, but it won't be interesting either.	I like your stories
Think about it. On the off chance I get caught -- a motive like that could divide a jury for years, don't you think?. You took my mother, so I took yours. Big sympathy factor. Maternal abandonment causes serious deviant behavior. It certainly fucked you up. It made you have sex with a psychopath.	That's right and now that you're no longer a virgin. You gotta die -- those are the rules
Did you?	Did I what
Running time?	One hundred and sixteen minutes
I gotta tell ya, Dave.  I've been going over this a bunch of times and a lot of this stuff just doesn't add up.  Who does these books?	I'm not sure
Charles, if you don't listen to reason, it may be too late -	Too late for what?  Too late for you and this -  this public thief to take the love of the people of this state away from me?  Well, you won't do it, I tell you.  You won't do it
Neither do I, sir.  C:  And this is the worst one, we find Ryan and he's wounded.  Not only does he not carry my gear, we have to carry his gear. And him.	But we accomplish the mission
I am the Lord's voice in this town.	Wallowing in sin and lust..
Destroy it?	If I hadn't blown my arms off, Mom never woulda started smoking in the first place. Now shhhh
Did you write it—or didn't you?	No, I didn't write it, but
Norman?	What is it, Harry
Sorry, sir, you faded out there for a minute.	Sorry
Nothing is going on with us, is it?	Going on
I'm not good enough for her to associate with, am I? I'm not good enough to even talk about her, am I?	Let's drop it
Nick! Hey, Nick!  Boy! Boy oh boy! Are you okay? You're okay, huh?	Fine. Hey, I'm fine
No --	Just a whore, I go over there, have a few drinks and get my gun off. I'm through with her, she's nothing but a whore
He's a she!	You noticed..
Fuck him!  He tried to shatter mine.	He was only doing what he thought was right
I'm telling you. It's not drugs. It's something more. Someth -	Don't give me your black magic bullshit! Seven mutilations in forty eight hours and all you find is a scrawny American boy? Do you have a motive?  Do you have a weapon? Or do you want me to believe he did it with his own two hands
Hey, hey, where you goin'?	Home
So am I.	So, we'll..
Bandit I, let me offer my heartiest congratulations and a piece of advice.	What's that, pardner
I can't believe you lived with her for that long. If I had to live with my mother, I'd stab myself six times.	I think some people are meant to be alone.  Maybe I was a man in a former life and I used women for pleasure so now I'm paying for it - which would be fine, if I could just remember some of the pleasure parts..
Do I get to hit you after you tell me?	Three
Roll the hose.	What, are you kidding? By myself
Does he stay with you here?	No
Your <u>war</u> <u>record</u>? You're the only one keeping that alive. For everyone else it's ancient history.	You expect me to believe that
I don't know about this thing.	Don't like it, don't come
I do wish you'd tell me where you're going.	I'm not telling anyone
I call the policia.	No
I don't need you to be telling me to...	TAXI!!
I'll get back to the log. But on the bridge, I won't go back, back in there...	Thanks
And when you sit by the window, watching the girls in the little cotton skirts parade by, do you wave your wanger at the girls? Is that when you jerk off?	You can't talk to me like -
Know what my problem is? Every time they mention my name in the papers, these cocksuckers, they mention Nicky, too. How the fuck does that help?  I mean, the heat he brought down is murder!  We had a police department who was cooperative. He's pissed them off so much now that nobody can make a move anymore. I mean, what do you do about that?	What do you propose
So how do we give Ordell to Nicolet?	Get Ordell to come to your office
But my day with Susie isn't over yet and--	Ten'll get you fifty you're playing hookey from a padded cell
Seventy-one	Seventy-one?  What's seventy-one
Sacrifice the girl to take out the terrorist?	How many deaths is he responsible for? How many innocent people? You may only get one shot at a man like Renard. Same circumstances, I’d do the same again
I want that story, Audrey. Remember you work for me.	Not anymore. Mr. Caiman, I quit
Oh Will! I was wondering when you'd call.	Yeah, I figured maybe sometime this week we could go to a cafe and have some caramels
Jackie ain't got time for all that shit --	I'm telling you what I have to do. What you have to do, in case you forgot, is come up with premium of a thousand bucks
Tom and Cynthia Kruger.	I know
Yes, sir.	And that's why I think you fit in here
Yeah, and you look at people and you wonder who the hell they are, what's going on inside their heads. Sometimes you can hear it, like a buzzing, the things that happen in their heads. And you wonder: does anybody ever love anybody, really?	Beats me
We have bombed Tokyo, Mr. President. Radio Tokyo interrupted it's own broadcast to make the announcement.	Have the planes made it to China
See you later.	Bye
He said war was too important a matter to be left to Generals.	I see
Calvin?!	Right here
B-but... we saw... your neck...	Nah, it's phony baloney -- I faked the whole thing.  It didn't hurt at all.  It was just a yoga move.  I tucked my head in
I can't thank you enough.	You will be discreet about this
Where are they?  Shopping together?	They should be.  They're both good at it
I want you to be safe, Betsy.  I want to know you're away from this place -- home again, where nothing can harm you -- nothing and no one.	You want that
What's it matter? Get to the point.	Look -- you know the girls -- Thta's Terri -- she was playmate of -
"Hey, listen, I love her.  She's Sophia's best friend.  I never said any of this, alright.  I'll deny it on the stand...  You guys are gonna have kids.  That is so great.  Maybe that's what this is all about.  Maybe she doesn't want to do this anymore.  You know adults don't do this for a living.  You guys are gonna have your kids, you'll be directing -- one asshole in the family is enough.  Sophia knew that intuitively.  Look at Clair. Clair's a mess.  Make sure she gets the epidural.  Forget that natural childbirth shit. Everything's going to be what it's supposed to be.  ""Life is but a walking shadow.  A poor player who struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more..."" And speaking of me, the role of Leo in your film?"	Leo
No I Said.	Ok. What's your name
Maybe we are crazy for doing this.  But if we do it, we do it right.  I just needed to explain that in a way I wouldn't have to do it again.	Not much chance of that.  Jaeger's an idiot
Was I?	I expect that's for you to know and me to find out ..
What do you mean, you don't have side orders of toast? You make sandwiches, don't you?	Would you like to talk to the manager
They've lost track of me and I plan to keep it that way.	You're a soldier, Max.  That's what you were put here for.  But soldiers need a mission otherwise they tear themselves up
I'll do it.	Okay then.  The rest of you okay with that
Hello Lucy, had a busy night? Puts money in machine.	We've been working hard too. Takes glass
Oh my God!	...as a narcissist, he couldn't blame himself.  He created the voices after the fact
You okay?	I'11 be alright
Departing dark side, Regula.	Visual -
Charles is.	Is there only one Charles Lampert
Tails.  That's ridiculous.	You'll need them for parties. You'll need them for New Year's Eve.  Where are your evening clothes
Eat your heart out.  Is Annabelle there?	Yeh, she's...I'll get you Ben first, it's past his bedti..
Good work, Ostreicher.	Thanks coach
Git up. I got sump'n to show you.	Whatsa matter
I'm being punished.	Why
Jesus, look at you   You're glowing.	I am
Well, where are they?	We was robbed last night and we can't find no books
No, really. What did I do that was so wrong?	What don't you do?  Randal, sometimes it seems like the only reason you come to work is to make my life miserable
Everything felt right for the first time. I need to go back to make sure, then if the feeling is still there. I'm going to speak to Dr. Feldman about sexual reassignment surgery.	This is absurd. Besides Feldman's an allergist. If you're going to do something, do it right
What d'you mean?	I dunno. I guess Larry's got me totally suspicious of that place
Cut it out.	The Turk wants to talk!  The nerve of that son of a bitch!  After he craps out last night he wants a meet
Stop it, stop it, stop it.	I'm sorry
He'll be OK. Russ is a tough son of a bitch.	Tell me about it
Actually, I've never known you to do either... But -	- We all want what we can't have
I don't know which one	Of what
We're ready for you.	I have to walk him till the drug wears off
Do it then.	Please prepare carefully.  This couldn't come at a better time
Stick around. Please. Tell you what - we'll put Stanislavsky on his plane, you and I, then go somewhere and talk.	Well - if I'm not in the way..
Do you truly believe the electoral process is absurd?	I used to go out with a politician
No, we're here for information, to find out where a man named Ricky Tan is.  We must tread softly and keep our ears open.	Tread softly?  Who taught you how to roost a bar
Lifted it out of a guy's cabin last night.	What did you want a gun for
She's losing minutes so you better start running interference or we're never gonna make it. Might I remind you this was your brainstorm.	I'll drop off my fare, hit a quick choke-and-puke and be blocking for you pronto
All you have to do is stop talking and just listen.	But how do you know what you hear is the truth
I don't care what you say about him. The boy has got it bad.	He's always got it bad as long as I'm running in the other direction. Don't be fooled, he's no different than any other guy.  He knows how to chase and that's it.  Once he's caught you, he don't know what to do.  So he runs away
We are not at war, sir, not until we're at DEFCON 1.	General, the Joint Chiefs have just signaled our intent to escalate to the Soviets. You have signaled an escalation which I had no wish to signal, and which I did not approve
You know, that's really getting annoying.	I have ONE job on this lousy ship. It's stupid, but I'm going to DO it. GOT IT
He wasn't Abyssinian, Pop, Assyrian... .	Six-toed cats. Assyrians. Abyssinians. It's the same difference. Well don't think this Terry Malloy is any six-toed cockeyed Assyrian. He's a bum. Charley and Johnny Friendly owned him when he was a fighter and when they ring the bell he still goes into action
Where the devil should this Romeo be? Came he not home to-night?	Not to his father's; I spoke with his man
Will they die?	Difficult to see.  Always in motion is the future ... Back away, little machine
That, or I'm thinking what if some tragic accident were to befall the widow Saffrin -–	I'm not gonna pop her, Harry
Where to first?	The House of Pain
Look.  New videocameras.  Color viewfinder.  Image stabilization. Solarization.  Night vision.	We have no money.  Come on
Yep.  There's some great places nearby.	Adamant
Great then.	Is there dancing
Are you trying to break my heart? Or is it just your way with women?	It’s not the pin your father wore. It’s an exact duplicate. Inside is a tiny electrical detonator. We have reason to believe the assassin had an inside accomplice, someone who worked at this company
That's what she told you. I looked it up at the Hall of Records. Your sister deeded her the business as an outright girt.	Why would Mrs. Redi lie to me
You're walking around blind without a cane, sport. A fool and his money are lucky to get together in the first place.	Why do you need to wreck this company
We usually find nothing.  We've debunked many a reported haunting. About ninety five percent of the cases had some technical explanation.	What about the other five percent
You're not sleepy?	I can't sleep anymore. It's too much like death
You know where it came from. It's not like it's anybody's life savings. It wouldn't even be missed.	A half-a-million dollars will always be missed
Yes.	Mr. Lingk and I are going to..
What I'd like to do, is to make an appointment for you at the hospital. I'd like to have them run some tests.	The hospital?  What kind of tests
Why would she lie about it?	For attention. The girl has some serious issues
I guess I'm startin' to feel a little better.	Yeah, you're startin' to feel pretty good to me, too
Kit... Maybe I'd better get a shovel.	Okay
Do you... remember me?	I've seen you before.  Your picture..
*Used* to be. Not no more. I lost the call.  But boy, I sure *used* to have it! I'd get an irrigation ditch so squirmin' full of repented sinners I pretty near *drowned* half of 'em!  But not no more. I lost the sperit.	Pa always said you was never cut out to be a preacher
Umm, Ummmmm	Just, hurry
Gabriel!	Canada
You mean for TV or print?	TV, man! Farrah Fawcett's interested in playing my mother
I'm free to do what I want?  And you think I would want to go with you some place on a plane?  Where? Where ya going?	I gotta jet coming here and we're gonna try to get the fuck outta this thing.  And we're gonna go, man
But they'll be back.	We won't be here
Yeah, I know. That's why I'm asking. You see, my main concern is Nicky.	Hm
Besides, Julie wouldn't...she'd never...	Actually, Stu, Julie doesn't get to decide. That's why she was having the nightmare. <i></i> They're pulling the plug at nine AM
Making Hutch David Soul?	Right. The blond guy
What's that?	Feed store keeps up to five K in their safe. Need me a good boy for back-up. Even split. You interested
Not your concern.	I left a man dead in Felton.  But you don't really care, do you
I'm glad you're here because I have something I want you to do. I want you to call up Ben Tramer and tell him you were just fooling around.	I can't
Yes, yes.  It would be interesting. A nice cheer.	Okay
Only you and the photo lab.	You're all through with this now
'Been up north?	Yeah. Knocked around for a couple of months after the Army. You been there
Send it to me through the post office like we arranged.  No return address.  You dug this up all by yourself?	You told me to look, so I looked
Is this finished yet?	I don't know
You know I've been thinking about you lately.	You have
It's too late, Mason. I've...	INT. TUNNEL - DAY
I have no money!	You're rich as Roosevelt. You're just cheap, Cosmo
Tonight.  Look--uh--I don't want to seem to be complaining, Senator--but in all civilized countries, there's an institution called *dinner*--!	Oh--dinner. Yes. Well, I'm hungry, too. I thought--maybe--we could have something brought in--you know, like big executives who eat off trays. You see, we've got to light into this and get it going-
We just need about six weeks, in about six weeks we could cut a whole album.	I don't know, this is strange to me, you know
Jack...	Wendy, I have let you fuck up my life so far, but I'm not going to let you fuck this up
Well -- Professor Barnhardt, I guess. He's the greatest scientist in the world.	He lives here in Washington, doesn't he
Some agent you are.	Why don't you get out of my face
I'm eighteen. It's my decision.	Oh, is that how it is 
Holy fucking shit!	Yes
Mostly.  That's where he started his empire building.  He was a good man.  Notorious as an eccentric, but that was something he cultivated.  He wanted to be legendary.	He succeeded
I didn't know that.	A lot of people don't
You keep it--	<U>Me</U>
Not for long, boy. I've outstayed my welcome already.	It's funny you would mention Rose, I was thinking about her all the way up in the car.  Or maybe it isn't so funny
I will not fight you.	Give yourself to the dark side. It is the only way you can save your friends. Yes, your thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them are strong. Especially for..
Yes, Ma.	And you... should be proud. You won that contest and made a name for yourself
Discreetly.	All pertinent information is being fed into your departmental computer, an Esper 231 -- I believe -- and a photo over-lay packet is being produced
Mr. Murphy asked about you again at work yesterday.	He just wants me to make him cinnamon cookies like I made for you
And that's more important than finding Lednov?	Like you said, maybe he knows where my ranch is. If he does, he'll be waiting on the porch
Did you see an animal of any kind? Did you see a bird?	No.  I saw a guitar.  This isn't some rock-n-roller you forgot to pay, is it?  There was a drawing on the wall that looked like a bird.  In blood
-- is that what this is all about?	Yes and you don't have to be sarcastic about it, that's a beautiful thing he's doing -- some people do more than go to the beauty parlor and shop at Saks -
Sort of.  I'm returning the-- that outfit that you hated so much. Maybe I can get my money back.	Oh, don't do it on my account-
Wait ——	No —- really, I can see them -- they're coming now -— turn off the lights —
Good evening, ladies.  You must forgive me, my dearest wife, but I simply could not wait to see you.	Oh, then you are..
You thought about me in a parka. That's sick, Lex. Really.	North
No!	No
"He's on to a new thing. He's after a guy who owns a gun shop he says is ""woefully and wantonly"" selling assault rifles to minors. He says he's gonna take him down if it's the last thing he does."	Did you tell him you were leaving
I didn't come all this way to sit on my arse.	You will await your orders like everyone else.  Unless you prefer a repeat of yesterday's little excitement
No.	Usually they take clothes
Have you got a death-wish, Ellen?	Well, I thought it was safe-
There's nothing wrong with ... that.	Please ... we are doctors
Why?	I don't know
I don't know.	You were just curious
What will I say when she comes to the door?	"You will be a Jehovah's Witness. I have a few ""Awake"" magazines for you. You don't have to keep her very long. A few seconds is all I'll need. Whatiya think"
That's not the question.  It's over.  Do you think that it's my fault?  If I'd...if I'd...I never should have taken it.  There was no way that I was going to win.	You're talking like a drunk
It wasn't meant to be.	I confide in you and rely on you more than anyone I've ever known! To say a thing like that now - without any reason - when I need you more than ever..
They ain't men, Mae Rose. They're convicts. And nigger convicts to boot. Can you say nigger?	Nagger
Elroy.	Suga.  Go ahead and get us something to smoke on
Sandy? ...Sandy, please.	I'll get a coat for her
Can you fly this airplane and land it?	Surely you can't be serious
And you got him...	That's right
Git to work!	Don't hit me! Please, for God's sake, don't hit me
I hear she's getting real fat.	Baby, she's the one who should be thinking about you. Sounds to me like you cut loose some dead weight. Trust me, Mikey, you're better off
Makes two of us.	I know what I did just now was crazy, but you got to understand how much I want that gold
No.  And you don't seem like the type who takes orders from him.	Well that's a ... long story ..
But if you're watching this, then it means we bit the dust.	But don't worry...we'll be in heaven. The REAL heaven, I mean. Not that heaven is an actual place, but more like a state of being. Or not being. Who knows. Maybe we know now
Let's hear it.	Okay.  First we shut down all the cooling systems on the stardrive engines
They're only gonna lose.	Of course they're gonna lose. We'll watch them lose. What good is heartbreak if we don't experience it firsthand
Sugar?	Yes - one please
What happened to you anyway?	Like I told ya. My thumbs
With all due respect, sir, I think it's the best work I've done.	Don't gas me, Fink. If you're opinion mattered, then I guess I'd resign and let YOU run the the studio. It doesn't and you won't, and the lunatics are not going to run THIS particular asylum. So let's put a stop to THAT rumor right now
Since I was five. My mom's a cocktail waitress.	How do you -- the two of you -- get by
I discovered this. SEC filing...  For the sale of the CBS Corporation to Westinghouse Corporation.	What
You gotta stop smoking ..	I <u>am</u> stopping smoking ..
I didn't care for 'sister' last night, and I don't like 'Lovey' this morning. My name is Lovett - Alexander, P.	I see
I know him too.	Who
Just a minute, Rose, you don't understand. This isn't a dirt farm like the one you were born on, it's nice. A neighbor of Cousin Hop's, I talked to him on the phone, a fine man... it's not a farm, damn it, it's a beautiful dairy establishment! Stop crying, Rose! Do you hear me? Stop crying, it's ideal!	"I don't know how you can call it ideal -- don't you know what the word ""farm"" means to her"
Tell me what?	I followed Mr. Carpenter -- right after you left -- and, gee, Mom, where do you think he went? Right into the space ship
Me.	Gee, I didn't recognize you... I've never seen you laugh before.  That your brother makin' the rabbit ears
Know what?	The fucking contract!  How in the fuck did he know
That's quite all right.  What is it, dear?	Could I lie down in your bed for a little while?  I just can't sleep
You can't work if you can't think. You get in bed. It's all right. I'll stay here with you. It's all right. Come on...	You're going to stay here...
Well can I come in or not?	I'm sorry. Of course. You're very welcome
You're supposed to get hurt!	Dr. Woodly says he's seen hundreds of children permanently injured by football.  He says that when there's a war, everybody goes but football players
Enterprise to Reliant: you are ordered to surrender your vessel. Respond!  Nothing, sir.	We'll beam aboard. Alert transporter room -
So where are all your toys?	Let's watch some TV
Over the line, Smokey!  I'm sorry. That's a foul.	Bullshit.  Eight, Dude
Oh, this isn't my car.  It's down a ways. I should have parked closer.  I just didn't think it would be so heavy.  I could drive up.	That's all right.  I got it
"You know, everything you asked me to do I did. I call you for advice about Shari you say -  ""Leave her be, see other people for a while."" You just wanted me to get involved with Jill because it made for a better show."	Ed -
Our kind of women?	You'll have to drive -- except down hill
How dare you say you love me.	It won't happen again.  Scout's honor
He never sees them and I never met them.	How come
I thought you were asleep.	I was. What are you reading
How come I never hearda you before?	I'm outta Portland.  Sonrisa didn't want local talent
Fuck. Wade Whitehouse. It's people like you that keep this fucking town from prospering. Whatever somebody does to improve things around here, you gotta find fault with it.	I'm not finding fault. It's a good idea, good for you, good for the town. Real modern too
I know.	I have no idea who you are
Of course, of course that's what I'm <u>saying</u>.  As the Old Mill goes around, he <u>sees</u>...	Of course
I have received intelligence from, sources of my own that the Zulu Impis are moving North of here and threaten your left.	Intelligence? Sources of your own? Did it not occur to you they may be native rumours? Rumours to draw you off- to leave the whole ofNatal open to a possible counter thrus
We've got to keep moving while there's still light.	You know what I'm going to do?  I'm just going to take a second.  I want to look at the gold
Sir, I speak to you as a kindred intellect. Do you not recognize that a turning point has been reached in the affairs of the Federation?	I am not certain such speculations are included among your duties, Lieutenant
What the heck, Jerry, if I wanted bank interest on seven hunnert'n fifty thousand I'd go to Midwest Federal. Talk to Bill Diehl.	He's at Norstar
I'm trying, David.	So am I. My friends were killed, too
I don't drink.	Did my matzohs come?  Get some for everybody.  Thank you.  Lemme tell you about my first movie..
And what do you do, Lucy?	I'm a witch. A white witch. Why don't we move on
She didn't know him.  But she said her son might.	Did you talk to him
Who doesn't! Suppose we wait until we hit the Waldorf Astoria.	It's on me
Would you check out my studio some time?	Sure. I'd be glad to
Then, it's all over?	Yes -
I'll tell you what I am - I'm the paterfamilias! You can't marry him!	I can and I am and I will - tomorrow! I gotta think about the little Wharvey gals! They look to me for answers! Vernon can s'port 'em and buy 'em lessons on the clarinet! The only good thing you ever did for the gals was get his by that train
This just isn't the best moment for this.	I know, I know. I had no idea -
This is a vicious cycle.	I think that a motorbike is one of the last really free things that people can do
Yeah. I've got it here in this bag. I thought I should bring it to you.	Yep, that's right. Let's take a look at it
Just remember two things.  First, the law is a living thing.  It made us free and it keeps us free. Sometimes it gets twisted around by people for their own purposes. Sometimes it makes mistakes, sometimes big mistakes.  But in the end, the law prevails for the just. Sometimes, it takes a while.	Okay.  What's the second thing
Oh, that's nice.	It would be. If they were still living
Tell me about that job in Alexandria, Dave, the big motel you're building.	Near Alexandria. It isn't in Alexandria, it is outside it
Am I cool now?	Almost... Look, I gotta bounce. I'll holla at you later
What about Tommy?	He'll live through it.  They all live through it.  What a world, huh
Suits me! I'm votin' for yours truly!	Well I'm votin' for yours truly too
Fuck, go to the car... call for backup. Tell 'em officer down.	Right
Dude, I'm pregnant.	Maybe it's just a food baby. Did you have a big lunch
Oh, then you did hear from him?	Well...
Shit, I wonder what these kids did to bring this much hell down on 'em.	Just in the wrong place at the wrong time
He's passionate.	Passionate! He's a pervert. He should have to register when he moves
Hmm, I still owe him.	Why don't we both forget about him
He's with his dying mother!	She recovered
What is this?	Put it down, I said! It's nothing for you
General Schmuck?	Yes!  Who the hell is this
Good afternoon.	I came to make a clean breast of everything... the whole business
You're forgiven if you don't make dates with anybody except me for the rest of the voyage.	I must say you're persistent--  --it's kind of flattering
There be no finer victuals than worm flesh, lad.	Better we eat him than the other way round
Wholesome.	Unwelcome
Sector three... Sub-tropical vegetation... Temperature --  Temperature decreasing rapidly --	It's snow. Snow in the same sector. Fantastic
We scared each other pretty good didn't we?	We sure did
How can you be logical at a time like this?! We have to get thee hell off this planet!	That may be difficult..
I've never seen a man who could have taken what he just went through.  He's a cop?	Not exactly
How the hell did he find it?	He started digging through my closet, something he never does
Iced tea.	Yeah. Fine, thank you
Hey, I'm not a complete fool, you know. I can see you're going sour on me, and when I try to do something about it, you turn your back and say it's nothing.	Dick, I can't even breathe here..
Since when did he drink whisky?	Don't know
Here you are, Senator. Not a bad desk, either. Daniel Webster used to use it.	Daniel Webster? Sat here? Say--that man was a great orator
Toby Oxman.	Toby -? Oh, hi! How are you
She's good.	I guess it was a long time ago
But I'm the one in charge of her sorry ass.	She's pulled herself out of a pretty rough neighborhood
I can't! It's out of control!	But how? Where's it getting the power from ???
What'dya tell that soldier, soldier? You tell him we was rebels?	He's my contact for Chrissake! There's two crates. Can you get me into the hospital
What does it matter.	I want to know
Too late for what, dear child?	I came to give you your freedom, a chance to live the life you choose. The same gift you gave me
Lava?	No
What's the furthest you been in?	Haiphong
It says they're probably very small -- like my height -- because, as their brains developed, there was no use for physical development. It says they're probably vegetarians, because they would have realized the benefits of such a diet.	Who wrote this book
I understand.	Fuck you, too -
Plumb busted out. Looks like the hard road finally got to Mister Lucas War Hero.	Back at it in the mornin'. Just need a little nap..
I know this woman. She works in admissions at Lakeshore Community? She might be able to get you in for the Fall semester. Maybe she could get you the baseball scholarship, and I could help and--	I'm not going to college, Jos. And I'm not playing anymore baseball. This is my life
That's what I'm trying to calculate. And it's not rubber.  It's muscle, tendon.  I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to --	Right, whatever, have fun
Disappointing, isn't it? To come so far and find so little. Jaded ingenues, amusing themselves with make- believe...	We had feared we were the only ones..
Why not?!	Because...  We're just friends.  That's all. Just friends. WALTER I get it.  I see the whole thing now. No one knows if Walter Paisley is born
Mr. Wood?!	Hruphh...
Piddle. She smiles and looks for the bathroom. She finds it and is going to go in when she sees the head of a man in the bath, walkman on. She withholds a shout and gets against the wall, without moving. She doesn't dare passing before the open door again to join Leon. In the living room, Leon still thinks.	...Why didn't he close the window
Why, sure you can, Buzz.  You can get me out of here and then I'll get that rocket off you, and we'll make a break for Andy's house.	Andy's house.  Sid's house.  What's the difference
Well, if you want my opinion...	I don't. I have my own
There's no hard feelings, Mr Denham! I just want to come to the island with you!	"Does this look like the ""Queen Mary""?? We don't take passengers! Full steam ahead, Captain Engelhorn"
When's the next Jumbo?	The regular flight is scheduled for oh three hundred tomorrow
My friend, you tink Greta is first woman I ever see?  No!  Many duds, before I find her.	But I thought me and Dolores had something
Count me out.	Oooh, I see. Didn't go so good last night, huh? That's a shocker. You mean getting drunk and calling Victoria didn't put you in the mood? You dumb fuck. Your divorce pain's getting real old real fast, dude
How ya doing, honey?	Oh Jack, I'm so warm. I'm burning up
Hey, lost again.	But perhaps, there is some, some less radical solution
For what? Because I'm a dangerous man. Because I know too much about the truth.	You mean that apocalyptic trash you write? I knew your name was familiar. I just didn't know why
Colonel, you're not drunk, are you, man?	No, sir
I never said that!	Bird. That's jazz
This guy's not a murderer.	If he is, half the town has seen us take him out for dinner like a couple of jack-asses
...done right, you gotta do it yourself.	Then do it the way you want
Change -- get out there -- I want'a see if it's ridable -- change.	It's still pretty hairy, sir
How does it taste?	Just the way I remembered
Look -- I think I should be going --	Sit down, Benjamin
You sure?	I'm sure.  Everybody here's looking at everybody else's ass
What do I do?	Finish him, finish him. Your way
A man... under stands one day... that his life is built on nothing. And that's a bad, crazy day.	Your life is not built on nothing. Ti amo
Let me go.	You've got to tell me what she said
Fa what?	I won't let my motha cut my hair
So what's the biggest?  Waimea?	No, Bells Beach, Australia
Oh, don't be stupid.	You're a mama's boy, if you want the truth
Mon Dieu -- the pearls -- if they were to break --	The pearls won't break -- they hold together and bring me bad luck ---- I hate them
Fine.	How long you been at it
Padua girls.  One tall, decent body. The other one kinda short and undersexed?	Just sent 'em through
Yeah. Asked Rev. Pike if he could stay in the cellar.	It's cold as charity in there! What he do that for? Any number'll take him in
I thought subspace weapons were banned by the Khitomer Accord...	Remind me to lodge a protest..
In other words, scurvy.	"Good boy. Good job. And you call yourself ""not a doctor""!  Keep an eye on her--she's in trouble"
Loretta, I can't marry you.	WHAT
It's against my better judgement, but I'll run this by the Man downstairs. You'll know my decision by the end of the day.	Thank you
I do what I do.	For Her Majesty
What about the sender?	Sure.  Bettina Peterson.  Marfa, Texas. Let's run a current check
Because it struck me how neatly 'three' went into the amount.  Two Hundred Ten Thousand.  That would mean I keep seventy.	That was our insurance company's recommendation
It's okay, Craig. It all worked out, in an odd sort of way.	You came up here looking for the portal
I'm freezing	Good night
No calls from inside out.  No calls from outside in are even answered.  No calls.	I understand, sir.  Nothing comes or goes without your personal say-so
I pay my own way.	Since when
I ain't killed nobody.  Shall I rack 'em?  Play a game, Lupe?	No time for eightball.  I got your tip
If I win, you become my slave.	Your slave
Oh, no. Where will he go?	Far, far away
James Lee, you come in here and meet your daddy.	Where's Wilma
Then what brings you back?	I don't know.  Do <u>you</u> know...
What else can we do?	There's nothing you can do here, they'll die or they won't, we just -
You just cooking then?	Hell, no.  I started writing
If your asking if I nailed her the answer is no.	She shot you down
If not?	We blast through
I arranged for him to have a phone. I have to call him in a few minutes.	From the lip wound, which happened seven hours before he got burned, we've narrowed it down to those cities within the seven-hour driving radius that also would've caught the 'Tattler' early Tuesday morning
I want this, Sera. I need this!	Please, Yuri
Ya hear me? You bust that crapper and I'll beat your ass.	I hear ya
It doesn't seem to bother you much, General.	I will be glad to leave this island. It has too much of that old dark world about it. I will be glad to leave it and that girl —
You've done a really great job with the house.  It's great!	Yeah.  There's still a lot I want to do.  It's not quite... the kids aren't really settled in yet. Even the dog has been terribly high-strung and whines a lot since we've been here.  Look, he hasn't even come in for his food today
"Does the phrase ""nosy"" have any meaning to you, Lily?"	I think it's like... inquisitive
Yeah? Where am I?	You're in the hospital across the river. But that's not where I'm going. Do you know where I'm going
Why?	Well -- I realized that she wasn't interested in me.  She was just trying to get information out of me
No -- letters to two-eighty.	If a young woman, a stenographer, -- etc
So, do you think it's too much if I wear these in the same day?	You do whatever you want. Do I keep my promises, or do I keep my promises
These are dangerous times. They want the Dalai Lama to lead them.	But, I have no experience
And the truth frightened her?	Well ... How can I put this. There were two truths ... and she had trouble reconciling them. Because <u>I</u> had trouble reconciling them.  Vicki said
A <u>statement</u>?  I wouldn't mind getting a statement.  You see, <u>my</u> client -- the United States Government -- would love to get a statement about a few of the deals going down with your client.	Deals?  My client is involved in any number of deals at any given moment. You'd have to be more specific
Yes.	That's marvelous.... You must have worked day and night.... Don't you ever sleep
No we can't. He's got a pulse.	No shit
Hi.	Oh, uh, Erica? Erica is the publicist for the band
We all do.	Storm.  Try to look for the highest vantage point. From what I can figure, he'll need to gain as much altitude as possible to blanket the island.  It is my feeling that Magneto has to-
The Mitchell barbecue three years ago.	Oh shit..
Dreyfuss.	Get more coffee
You're looking at the owners of a 50,000 acre empire.	They can't be
You got more guts than me, baby. It's a no-good town.	It's better than it used to be. Eight years ago they still had a lynching here. They tied a man to a car and dragged him to death. My father knew who did it, but he didn't say anything
Andy... this is every comedian's dream.	I told you, I'm not a comedian.  And sitcoms are the lowest form of entertainment: Stupid jokes and canned laughter
Bob. Bob. That's a palindrome.  I love palindromes.	Are you afraid to die, Mr. Henry
Stop, stop...I'm willing to put my mouth where my mouth is...I throw one overhand pass and Todd catches it-- dramatic pause--You let me go down on you...	Hello?!  What's in it for me
It's okay if you're not.	I am, really
Today's your lucky day, Sami.	Yeah, I can see that
As their cloak begins to engage, their shields will drop.	Right. And they'll be vulnerable for at least two seconds.  Data,lock onto that plasma coil
How many?	Four.  Two boys.  Two girls.  And eight wounded
And then I can go home?	Of course. I'm not a monster
Jesus Christ, Larry, what the fu-- Larry. That's not even your name, is it? What's your real name, you fucking scumbag?	Don't have one, Carl. I have a number, man. Just like the numbers on those treasury checks. You stole from your own country, Carl. Shame on you
How am I gonna sell things if nobody comes by? This stretch of road runs between Nowheres and Nothin' Much.	Hell of a spot to put a business
What brings you out to these parts?	You never know when or where a story will break
Oh...what's that?	Right now? An intimate border with...mechanical skills
Now exactly.  It's... complicated.	No doubt
Where's Ricky.	I guess inside. Or he never made it. Either way, I don't give a shit. Let's get this over with
The cops didn't try and strangle my ass.	Damn, Jackie, I was just playin' with you
-- I don't care who you are. You could've been killed. Every man and woman in here has done hard prison time. And we look out for each other.	"""We"""
Do you have me?	I think so
Yes, very well, thank you.	Do you like it
You could've made me lose my call.	So what?  What could be important enough to put your hands on me
Yes. And I'm leery of running Lecktor's message without knowing what it says.	And if we pull it, we lose a week... We only have two to the next full moon
No.  The guy's professional debut and he forgets about it.	Better find our bonus baby, eh
Jabez -- how can you let her talk like that when the boy is present? He won't respect me any more.	Isn't that your own fault
I'm sorry...	Yeah. What do you want. Life, right?  Have you ever been to California
Uh...	...Hoppi-hoppa
... We're with Franklin, Jennings and Roberts, the law firm handling the estate.	Yes, Thomas - I understand
We will all be put in the clink.	See you in jail
Oh, for Christ's sake.	You are
Ouch! Eat? You can do a solo if you don't step on it. I'm going to bow out on you.	What's the rush? There's no first act. They'll all be there and we don't have to appear at any particular time
You eat it. You know what this stuff tastes like?	I'm living on freeze dried limas and ham. Just eat it
It's clear you are, and it irks me.	No. Yes, I am. I am jealous. I want to write poems about you with moonbeams, make the sea sing your name..
Also known as Madman Mundt.	He's a little funny in the head
You look tired....	I'm fine...
Like you?	Nah. I'm strictly minor league... except for the fucked-up part
He's got goodness, Mabel. Do you know what that is?	Huh
How do you figure... HEY! You can't roll a joint in here!	Relax brother. What I mean is that you sell the stuff in this store at the highest prices around. A dollar seventy-nine for wraps-what's that shit
I called from a payphone!	What'd I tell you
I suppose that's good, unless things were fine the way they were.	Oh, I think a shake-up was in order. Definitely.  Otherwise, people get lazy, don't they?  Forgetful.  Start thinking they can get away with things.  Gotta shake 'em up now and again, make 'em pay attention
"Marvelous!  ""At two o'clock this morning, Mr. Deeds tied up traffic while he fed a bagful of doughnuts to a horse. When asked why he was doing it, he replied: 'I just wanted to see how many doughnuts this horse would eat before he'd ask for a cup of coffee.'""  Beautiful! What happened after that?"	I don't know. I had to duck to get the story out. He was so far along he never even missed me
No, I mean	-- There's this one kid, we call him Mongo on account of he's a mongoloid. He got out of his cage once and -
Those are my clothes.	Certainly not mine. Come on
If we could prove that Jason suffers from this disorder... and that his homicidal behavior has been a direct result of a medical condition...	Not guilty by reason of insanity. Case closed
"You know your divisions.  You like the fights?  Like the rough stuff?  Yeah, I bet you do.  Like to get down and tussle a little bit?  Like me and Tuffy, before she got run over, we use to get down on the floor and tussle.  I say to her, ""You a good dog, Tuffy, here's a treat for you.""  And I give Tuffy what every dog love best.  You know what that is? A bone.  I can give you a bone, too, girl."	You're not my type
A superhero's job is to protect society.  Don't blame me if society is a horrible, corrupt joke.	"""A superhero's job is to protect.."" Sorry, I can't take you seriously...I overheard you say that tomorrow the Cult of Good will be dead--I should be so lucky--what did that mean"
Practicing what?	"Telling me off.  Is it going as well as you hoped... ?  ""... Mr. Taylor."
Fuck those spic pigs! You called me a fuckin' nut, and where I come from, that stops the train on its tracks.	Keep your voice down
I thought it was wonderful.	I don't understand -- I followed the notes to the letter
You don't seem afraid of much.	Not with this..
-- We don't believe daddy because we don't want to believe we were taken in too.	Lainey, there's no evidence that Simone isn't real
Look, that thing about the pliers, I was just doing what the man pays me to do. Ya know?  Comin' off hard.	Yeah, sure, I understand
Maybe I should get help.	It wouldn't hurt. You can't go on living in fantasies. Did you really think you could get hold of a nuclear bomb? And drop it?  Why, our Strategic Defense boys would have  -
Yeah? What's that?	He took care of Charlie for us
Hey. Slow down. What is it?	Some of Rhodes' men. At the door
She's from Cuba.	No kidding
It will be fine. You have another.	Just one. The back up
I go with this here...	Too Texan.  Go with the stick.  Thanks.  <u>What</u>...? ...does it have to be <u>Albania</u>...We're locked into Albania...why
What's wrong with you tonight? What is it, Betty?	Something came up.  I don't want to talk about it
Well -- it's very comfortable -- just to drift here.	Have you thought about graduate school
I'll call you.	But I never know when you're working and when you're not working
We're hung up here.  Snagged.	Can you get us a line
Can he really take us home?	Not completing a voyage is against everything he stands for. But I think I can convince him to call a Coast Guard cutter for you
...think he was a wacko.  And I think that G.I. ninja's a bigger wacko.  And I think you're the biggest wack-...	...-o of all, wantin' to be a part of this wacko shit
I'll join you later.	And <U>do</U> bring Miss Marsh--  --when she's had time to tidy up a bit
What did you ask me?	What
Something's happened. He isn't trying anymore.	They must have turned him down
Anything goes wrong, head for your homes, just sit tight -- you'll hear from me or Howard.	Personally, I'll be calling the President of the United States
Him? He's a big baby. Why isn't he here with you telling me?	He's flying to Sicily. His mother's dying
I don't think we can any more... If we ever get out of here, maybe I should take off...	We got this far
But our crime wasn't burglary. It was balling white girls. They gave us the book.	Burglary, count one -- 8 to 10 years; count two, 8 to 10 years; count three, 8 to 10 years..
Yes.  Look at all the passion splattered up on the wall here.	This is a done deal.  All but the paperwork
You stay with me...	No way..
Each of those grids represents almost a square mile.	That's a big area to cover
And what did you say?	How could I be angry at you when clearly what has happened to me is as God intended
Of course I'm sure.	What about you? Do you and your father get along
I want to have a baby.	Let's talk about it later
I don't want to know how to say that though.  I want to know useful things. Like where the good stores are.  How much does champagne cost?  Stuff like Chat.  I have never in my life had to point out my head to someone.	That's because it's such a nice one
Me?  Well, I believe in Rome... you'd have to after what I've seen, how people outside the empire treat each other.	I don't even want to imagine the things you've seen..
What do you actually know with religion?	Wonder. Beauty. Joy.  Love
Are you out of your fucking mind? We're going to die.	How can you die if you're already dead
What are you trying to pull?	I forgot she's in here
Besides, why bother with bootlegging when we got us a clear cut case of murder?	Excuse me, sheriff. As we explained to your associate here, there's been a mistake. We didn't kill anybody. Now, as for the bootlegging, we happen to work for a very important man in New York
You heard right.	You ever been married
Bullshit...	Please. I got three inches on you. You wouldn't have landed a punch if I didn't let you
Tonight your league night?	Check out my ball
He couldn't break an egg with a hammer. He still writing those crime porn books?	He's moved on to TV
May I inform you, monsieur, that I am Major Fidon, official courier to the court of the Emperor Napoleon, on my way to our Embassy at St. Petersburg and, in accordance with the rules of the road, no one may overtake or pass me.	Before you quote the rules of the road to me, Major, may I point out to you that you are not in France now, but that you are a guest in Russia
Clenched jaw...	Will you stop RIDING ME?
Wait you two. Dad and I have a surprise for you that will settle this. Can you guess what it is ?	Uh, no
Otto, I don't like Thorkel any more than you do.  But he has got a point.	Rosomoff, I have better things to do than teach Introductory Physics to mindless adolescents
It's silly, really.  I mean, I'd seen him at the office, obviously I'd seen him, he's the associate publisher, and then one day we both ordered sandwiches from the same place, and he got my lettuce and tomato sandwich on whole wheat, which of course he was allergic to, and I got his lettuce and tomato on white.	How amazing
Yeah.  She told me.  You walk her to school.	Yeah, so I've been thinking.  I love her, y'know?  I kind of want to have her.  I've been away for so long.  Make up for the missed time, you know
Never.	Well, you see, that's quite similar to things like her lying- uncharacter
Good night, Oliver.	Sleep well
No!  Oh no!  Three people murdered in there in the last six weeks! The police won't even go in there any more.	I wish Paul luck
Yes?	-- I have the feeling that, all in all, what I made this voyage for -- has served its purpose
John?  What is it?	How did I not see this?  Agatha, who killed you mother?  Who killed Anne Lively
Please answer my question.	I can't imagine that sweet girl with that dear face -
Well, I'm gonna pay you today for this comin' week, so you'll have some walkin' around money. When you get off this evenin' you better go buy some toothpaste and cleanin' up supplies to have back there. Some hard candy and some magazines. Somethin' to keep you busy at night.	All right then
Whole different story; isn't it?	You're fired. You're outta the department
You could have worn one of those big, floppy woman's Easter Sunday hats.	That would have made an impression
"I think what you fear Martin is domesticity. It's the greatest fear that men have who belong to Western Culture. It's centuries old. Like King Phillip, in the 11th or 12th century who decided one day that he was so bored with his dreary life at home with his wife he thought, ""Well, wouldn't it be great if we hit the road and fought... oh... the Saracens.""  So he put the word out and was amazed when a million men signed up and all of them wanted to go and fight in distant lands and do terrible things to people rather than stay at home with their families."	So you're saying that Ulysses-- everything he said to his queen when he came back--everything was a lie? He just wanted to fuck around
Eh? Have a drink.	Still got your sense of humour
Okay, get your clothes on. I got the cab downstairs.	Now, wait a minute. I know what you're thinking -- but it's not as bad as it looks -- MATUSCHKA  It's none of my business what you do, Fran -- you're over twenty- one -- but your sister happens to think you're a lady
My lawyer, Tom Hagen.  He arranged this all through your man Turnbull.	I thought we would meet alone
I will not calm down!	Don't calm down
I'm going to marry him.	You are going to marry my brother
Let it go, Roach, trust me.	I'm not letting nothing go.  They killed my board
Got it, sir.  We gonna go take care of those eighty-eights?	That's not what we're here for
Hush up such talk, Jabez!	I can't help it. I mean it, I tell you. I've had more than my share. Nothing ever goes right for me -- nothing
Yah, like I told ya, we haven't had any vehicles go missing.	Okay, are you sure, cause, I mean, how do you know?  Because, see, the crime I'm investigating, the perpetrators were driving a car with dealer plates. And they called someone who works here, so it'd be quite a coincidence if they weren't, ya know, connected
I thought you guys were going to call me.	Oh, Robert, I'm sorry. We were so tired from the branding. Grace barely made it to her bed and I didn't have the energy to take my clothes off
Well, you've won the booby prize.  Don't expect to like it here.	I don't
Judas E. Priest, who did you borrow that from? Adolphe Menjou?	Close, but no cigar
I'll bring back a doctor.	Wendy..
I was saying... it might even be possible that Anna had left with them.	But for what reason would she have wanted to go away
What does it say?	"It says, ""Ray."
No.  You ask for too much.	I ask for Justice
Do I know you?	You remember Alyssa Jones? She hung out with..
I don't think I really have a choice in, that. Emily left me.	She'll come back. That's why I'm going to... to not have this baby
Uh-huh. And he ain't got nothing showing. Raise his head off.	He's been betting his head from the gun. Gotta have kings
Can we go yet?	Go??
Yes you are. My stuff stinks. I know it. You said so yourself.	I never said that
Well, maybe I'll see you later ...	Here's hoping, baby..
Nobody really changes at summer camp. They merely find out who they are and become it more than ever.  You can't be helped, Wichita. I'm not sure you can be punished, either. But let's find out...	How do you mean?                                            
Our Deputy sleeps.	Well
Ladies and gentlemen, the perfect meatloaf!	Looks good, Mom
Massachussettans aren't.	'Course they're also so rich
It's got nothing to do with my mother! She's had leukemia for -- ! This is what makes me boil about him! HE wants me back! -- it's got nothing to do with my mother.	I don't know, Dickie, I'm just telling you what I -
I learned my fill from Romeriz.	Indeed you did.  And now it is time for you to pass on to others what you learned from him
Carl, that's insane.	So my wife is lying
No...	Or perhaps tomorrow at the expense of our cause
Hear what?	Somebody with a grudge blew Beaumont's brains out -- hey, that rhymes -- blew Beaumont's brains out
You say that like a gentleman.	Do I
'See ya.	'Bye, Jocko
And then they took their children.	Their children
Well, Darlene usually gives me a signed check for emergencies.  I could always give you that.	Oh
I'll be around.	That's not good enough. I want to make plans to see you
I gotta headache... What's goin' on?	The police called us
I love the smell of pine.	It's one of the clearest memories I have. Twelfth night...burning pine... and mummers' plays
Do you know who Mr. Marsh was with?	I assume his girlfriend
Black magic ...  'In ancient times, Thorn was believed to cause sickness, famine and death. Translated literally, it was the name of a demon spirit that delivered human sacrifices ... on the Celtic celebration of Samhain.'	Halloween
You've got quite a temper.  It's better this way.	You coward
Bye.	Bye
Puff it is then. Puff Bronfman. Is that okay?	Oui. Perfect
No. Please, don't force him.	You little stinker. He's given you everything
Well, Mr. Chang, I thought, with your permission of course, and while I'm waiting for these porters, I would like to organize classes for those children in the valley and teach them something practical and something useful. Geology.	Splendid
Yeah, but I don't like the idea of walking in on your jamboree . . . Just between you and me—those things give me a stiff pain.	You needn't see anybody. You can come directly to my study. I'd appreciate it very much if
Yes.	Sweet dreams, Blake
Oh that's absurd, Frederick. No, no Frederick, that's all wrong! John is happier and more fulfilled now than he has ever been in his entire life. And, that is completely due to you.	But why did I do it? What was this all for? So John Merrick could live out his last days in peace and comfort? Or so I could become famous
We walk outta here, we hit that road, what's the first thing you're gonna do.	Ain't there yet
Look...I kinda borrowed the truck from Andy.	Borrowed
No.	Where's Elvis?
Let me buy you a drink.	No, Harry, I'm already late...See you tomorrow
I think you're on the right track.	I must be - because your glasses are beginning to steam up
You're shaking. What is it?	Tension. It'll go
Oh, hi, I mean hello, we've met.	Is that right
I really want to catch up with you, but I've gotta take this call. They're holding. I'll talk with you when you get back in town. Bye.	Goodbye. I lov..
Tell her to go back to Resurrection.	She's a very... determined woman.  Phoenix to control. Mister Lange... let her in
I got lots of presents.	And you should.  Your mommy tells me you've been such a good girl, and your daddy is so pleased with you
Ok, whatever you want.	Did you see Hiromix last night dancing with Bambi
I didn't get a thing.  Just the music lessons.  That's all there was to it.	He married you, didn't he
I thought so. Anyway, I hope you don't think I'm being meddlesome. I just think you should be careful with this guy.	No no no, Tucker, thank you
Pull them out.	O.K., everybody pull out
Hey!!	You threw it at me!
It's nothing, Doc.  Just a... touch of indigestion... something.	Do you want a tablet
...we need the shooting permit for Main Street...	<u>Whatever</u> you need.  The City Council, of course, has to pass on your..
We're interested in any new therapies. How would you characterize your approach?	My approach
Yes, urm, she's right. I have learned it is a very popular place for the young people to go.	Have you been there
You know, I was thinking of calling you tomorrow, anyway.  How are your kids handling the new house?	Good.  You have kids
Oh, for Christ's sake –-	I know. I'm doing Shylock instead of a shylock. Okay, what's my motivation? The acquisition of money. To collect. Inflict pain if I have to
You wanted furniture too, didn't you?	They don't expect to get what they're asking.  Let's make an offer
Mr. Gittes!  You're dealing with a disturbed woman who's lost her husband. I don't want her taken advantage of. Sit down.	What for
Arrest them!	What are you doing?  This is an ecclesiastical court -- you have no right to do this
Leave him alone.	Fuck off
Come right in - I'll get you a drink.	Okay - you remember Joe
Why do you do it?	If I was with you, I wouldn'
What? Who?	Creasy
The Boots and Socks in Gardena. When we got there, I met Joe and a guy named Mr. White. It's a phony name. My name's Mr. Orange.	You ever seen this motherfucker before
Yeah!	A reel
Nope.	Can I help
Well, he's young and handsome and a bachelor - and he's a real gentleman - not one of these grabbers.	Maybe you'd better go after him - if you don't want to lose him
Where are your glasses? Go get them.	If it's you, what are you doing here
This is not a good way to start a relationship, stickin' a gun to a man's head, feelin' around his personal equipment.  Make him think you don't trust him.	I don't trust anybody.  Especially first time deals
What?	I case you don't know--I want to give ya a chance to back out if you don't like it-
What happened to you?	Ambush... on the George Road. This Magua led us into it.  ...eighteen killed. It's these men who saved us. They guided us here..
I'm up.	I had to call.  I jus got off the phone with James Kross.  Get this.  He wants to see you. Today
Royal victory party?  Will...will Princess Bala be there?	Of course.  The entire royal family will be there to honor you
That's not my mission.	Listen.  Understand.  I'm not a military objective, Reese.  I'm a person... You don't own me
Quiet!  Quiet!	Turn it up, bozo
It was only a scratch. Far more damaging to my trousers than to me.	That's good. Terrific
What's his story?	His name is Maurice.  He's dancing around everything else
You sound as if you're not looking forward to it.	Well, it's not exactly a pleasure cruise
Tell it to my daughter.	Shit... fuck procedure
I heard. Good police work.	Just horseshit luck
Unhappy combination.  Most likely one's inside the other.	Sharks are man-biters, Mister Hutton.  Not man-eaters -
Hi Rachel.	Hi
No.  This is the means to the reality.  But I'm not going to tell you what it is.	Why not
I'm not scaring you, am I Norman?  I hope I'm not frightening you.  The last thing I want to do is frighten you.  You feel okay, don't you?	It's not me, Beth.  I swear.  It can't be
"Well, with the expanding global population -- Let me ask you this -- your wife. Has she pursued the opportunities which must present themselves to the ""knock-out, sexy woman"" you described?"	I don't know. I can assume..
Help! I mean  --  I can't stop saying it. Silly, isn't it  -  There's nothing to worry about. Help! See.	What are you doing here
Oh, God, that's too much responsibility for me.  It's not fair!  I want a less complicated life, Frederick.  I want a husband, maybe even a child before it's too late.	Jesus...Jesus
You knew he had nothing to do with your brother’s disappearance, didn’t you?	Huh! Don’t you recall convincing me he had?  You should learn to live with your mistakes, Mr Lombard. There is some merit in it
He was a worker.  I danced with him at a <u>worker's bar</u> just the other day. I'm not shocking you, am I?	No...as a matter of fact..
Not really.  She was just one of those names you hear growing up. You know, so-and-so who lives in Ireland.  I really don't think anyone knew about this place.	Or what she was worth
What makes you think I could do that?	You were a cop
That's why I picked it. We can start a whole new life down here.	Are you going to be happy here, Mr. James? Without all that excitement
Do you like me better?	You're a good man, Mr. Kringelein -- a very good man
Father...	There must be a passage to that other ocean
They were slaughtering the spring lambs?	Yes...! They were screaming
No, honey.  I told him I was buyin' a car.  What is it for?	Good.  That was good.  Where do I go
Identification on possible, Sir. Not conclusive.	"""Superintendent J. McKechnie, Vancouver Police Department. Replying your inquiry Elizabeth Kinsolving.  Subject was indicted, first degree murder her husband, Lee Kinsolving, January this year. Guilty verdict set aside by presiding judge.  Prisoner discharged, Whereabouts now unknown. Fingerprint classification""--  And exact correspondence, Killaine"
Wait! I'll go with you!	You can't. You're going to be Valedictorian
First thing tomorrow we're going out to the dog track and put the whole bundle on Greased Lightning.	You're going to bet my money on a dog
Who cares?  Mmmm. Now I remember. Mayo the Wop. Gee, I'm glad you're here. I've been looking forward to this all week.	Me, too
Reilly, Vice. I-	Quiet
John Bonham. The drummer for Led Zeppelin. He died a couple years ago. Every birthday he stays home and plays everything John Bonham ever recorded. It's like his own holiday.	Oh. I see
Boy overboard!	Fetch a hook -- haul him out of there
Yeah.	Unusual design for a contemporary piece
I know I did. But I don't.	You lied to me
I said back away.	Would you wait a minute
What?!	I lied. His dad is still alive. He works for the post office
Ten million dollars. Ten mi -- YOU CHEAPSKATES! I've just wiped out the stock market. I've cost you billions!  I want ten million and one.	Please! We'll talk. Just tell us what you expect
...Her mother needs an operation...	...adenoids
You want to give your child the best possible start.  Believe me, we have enough imperfection built-in already.  Your child doesn't need any additional burdens.  And keep in mind, this child is still you, simply the <i>best</i> of you. You could conceive naturally a thousand times and never get such a result.	He's right, Maria.  That's right
What's that one, there?	Tattoo. Had it taken off
...'cause every time I try to be helpful, you know, sh-she gets so defensive.	Oh, Hannah, she's-she's just embarrassed in front of you, that's all
You're no stranger to rape, Marquis; and yet with her, you cooed. You courted. You begged.	Go to hell
Now don't get upset. Daddy, but there's this boy... and I think he might ask...	No! You're not dating until your sister starts dating.  End of discussion
But the phantom Zone is for criminals.	It's big. And empty. I'm tired of limiting myself to  Argo City. I want to do something new. I'm starting to repeat myself here with this airy, glittery stuff...
Are you really ever coming back?	Got to, Sam. You and I are going to a courthouse together, put some people behind bars
Well, that will have them rolling in the aisles.	Sad and wonderful! I have a blue velvet cap which will do well, I have seen apothecary with a cap just so
Ours.	It's Jerry's worst idea
At Paul and Miranda's.  Paul from work.	Oh.  Well.  We don't really get along. Paul and I
Fan of a fan.  You see a couple of minors come in?	Neve
Sustained.  Yes.  The witness will confine his testimony to review of the hospital records.	What
Terry left his passport in Curacao. We could hide him...	No.  Bring him on deck with the others
It's going to take some time to find out -- the data stream was rerouted through substations all over the ship.	What programs were accessed
I love my country, I believe in music, what was I to do?	Look around you. See the country you served. Look at people who had real courage, who took risks, who risked their lives. Like Emmi's father
A young man seeks her. A young man about the age I was when I met you.	Tomorrow, the Fortress of Krull will rise with the sun in the Valley of Reeds. But the knowledge is of no use to you. No man has ever escaped the Web. And soon the creature will come for you, even here
Miss.  G-6.	Ohhh!  You sunk it
I've been holding this shit for him for three weeks.  You tell Diego I don't appreciate it.  You tell him I want my money by Friday.  Can you do that?	Um-hmm
No. No, no, no.	Come on. I'm not gonna go if you don't come
Oh, no.  I'm off that stuff - for good.	Did you have a nice time
You bet, Doc!	Good. Good
I just wanted to be part of something... one thing, one play or one movie, something that was really fine... memorable. And I could say: I did that, I made something good.	And
Maybe.  I don't know.  I just know that when all this was happening, I felt, some part of me felt...alive.  Like somebody needed me.  And the more I reached out to, it, the fuller it became.	You're saying you willed these events to happen
Would you, really? How sweet-	I doubt very much that you'd like her in 'The Hairy Ape'
Yeah I guess so.  You're a neat girl.	So are you.  I mean you're a neat guy. We better get back
Just...try and go back to sleep.	I get dreams. I don't like 'em
Alright, we're just getting started on my list of things you need to know. Take notes if you want to.	Okay
I'm not accusing.  I'm asking.  Do you...do you find me too...too giving?  Too-too-too competent?  Too-too, I don't know, disgustingly perfect or something?	No
How many did you put on that time?	All of it
A schematic of the ship.  Looking for a lifeline to the pods.	We don't have enough suits to get the others out
What mission?	To save the world
I don't feel right just giving you the address so that you can go over there and...	And what
But putting that aside for now, would you go out with her?	I really didn't get a good look at her
Right. I promised my mother.	Is this slow enough for you
If I had a nickel for every one of Alan's flyboy buddies who tried to pick me up, I'd be a rich woman.	You are a rich woman
Hey, Brad. Are you still a virgin?	Why
Is she fair, this princess?	Exceeding fair
Come on, that's just a bullshit story. You said so yourself...	What if it's not bullshit? If I bury Zowie there, and it works...  ...he'll come back alive
Have you talked to Carlos about your concerns?	I'm not that crazy
Over there!	What do you see
You quit trying to stop anybody—	Well, at best you might deny it
So you haven’t seen the film, then?	It’s Friday night, Jane. What happened to your latest boyfriend
You got everything you need?	If I had everything I need, I wouldn't be going to physical therapy
You got your F-14, you got Top Gun, you got your MiGs....You're our new Top Gun instructor...Now what?	Oh...I'll think of something... What are you doing here
Everybody cares for youth but nobody cares about Joey Blow. When that news reporter gets home he'll scream at his son for not mowing the lawn in the right pattern.	I'm lost. You don't get enough attention, you get too much attention. Which is it? Where are your shoes
"What can you tell me, young man, about the various flavors of ""frozen yogurt""?"	Look, I'll be done in a minute. Just wait outside
Well, there you go. But what does that tell ya? A million dollars in jewelry. Does that tell you the guy is crazy about you, or what?	I should have never married him. He's a Gemini. A triple Gemini... duality.  Gemini's the snake. You know you can't trust the snake.  I mean it
I see, so you'd be open to little ladies from Pasadena, who want to show you their knickers?	"Matter of fact, Jay, I'm planning a pictorial focusing on the women of my hometown, ""The Girls of Xenia."" Just to show my appreciation"
And a tram hit you?	No, the boyfriend
Who?	She used some stupid code name
You?	Abe Lincoln.  Big reach.  Skinny guys fight till they're burger
I haven't seen anybody doing that.	This same person been bragging all over the county how he don't have to cut that big gringo Sheriff in on it-- he can run his own operation 'thout any help. Como se llama, amigo
And what would that be, son?	I don't know exactly. But I do know what you're doing with that drink. You're cutting yourself off from your gift, and from me and Audrey, and from your fellow man, and from everything your art is about
I won't.	How long have I got
Well he wasn't really a midget. He was on the cusp of midgethood. That's what made it cheap. Had he been an actual midget, there would've been nothing cheap about it, my dear.	I didn't know you were into that sort of thing
Every time.  But don't despair -- I think I have the solution to your problems.	Really
So do you.	I never felt so clean before
Well, I think it's important for people to know that the world is in danger.	Okay, so can you tell us when it's going to happen or do we have to buy the book
Oh. I can type up a storm, but I can't spell. So they gave me a pair of white gloves and stuck me in an elevator -- that's how I met Jeff --  Oh, God, I'm so fouled up. What am I going to do now?	You better win a hand -- you're on a blitz
And the seas would boil ...	Right.  And the sky would fall ..
Caviat emptor, Mother. Let the buyer beware.	Whose side are you on
Yeah.	I want you to call Darryl
What's a demur?	It's PG&E saying to the judge that we don't have a case.  Their lawyers go -
It'll just be a few minutes.	I NEED THE TWENTY
The creator of what?	A show - that gives hope and joy and inspiration to millions
Sure. Of course.	Because I'm really trying, you know. Rosie says maybe only another two years of the elctrolysis
Great. Great! We need to drag a lot of heavy stuff in front of the door --	What?
What is it?	Just get in the car, Bob
I'll get you out! Just be quiet so I can hear. Shut that dog up.  Is there a ladder? Is there a rope?	I don't know! Get me out!
There is no Jesse.  I'm Jesse now.	I want him back.  Jesse, talk to me. Jesse
Then I don't understand the reason for the delay!	You don't have to understand
How long...you think?	Um...soon tonight...I think, yes? Tommorrow...I mean...very soon...very..
No. I was just curious if what I heard about you is true ?	What did you hear 
Fuck off, Dave.	No, I won't fucking fuck off. Said I'm sorry, didn't I
"It wasn't long after we were married that Victor went back to Czechoslovakia. They needed him in Prague, but there the Gestapo were waiting for him. Just a two-line item in the paper: ""Victor Laszlo apprehended. Sent to concentration camp."" I was frantic. For months I tried to get word. Then it came. He was dead, shot trying to escape. I was lonely. I had nothing. Not even hope. Then I met you."	Why weren't you honest with me? Why did you keep your marriage a secret
You want to come out to the house tomorrow? The way the bookings been piling up, Donna's decided to really lay it on.  Turkey, stuffing, the whole bit.  Kitchen's so full of food you can hardly move.  We could use another appetite.	Thanks, but I've got plans
What was the motive?	She said she didn't know herself, just sort of did it on impulse.  The razor just happened to be there
Yeah?	This has been a real confusing day
Hm?	I'm scared
I don't know.	Well, until you know, you can't go
I'll call you from Detroit, baby.	You're going to miss Mexican Halloween. The Day of the Dead
What?!	Oh, God
No I ain't.	Nothin'
That guy in the cemetery today said he knew everything about Lauren.	It still doesn't mean..
Will! What--?	A literary feud. Quite normal
They don't blame you. When a bank employee does this they understand. You get your life back. Anyway I bet you hated that bank.	Even so I always felt the decision to burst in and rob it very much remained with me
The thought I'm tryin' to get over is you grew up beauteeful. Remember me?	The moment I saw you
She has the power of vision.	She has the power to kill
Come on, Will.	What's the matter?! You mad at me
You came back for these?	Hey, they're Ralph Laurens.  And who's this interesting looking fellow
I had you sent away.	Who the hel1 
What are you going to do?  Hide me?	Good idea
Must be your lucky day then. I’ve got your accounts - you don’t owe much tax for last year.	Good
Detective Crockett.	What's your Miami PD badge number
Yeah, but I hear she gives a mean blow job.	You really need to be fucked
Just like that?	Yeah. Just like that
Admiral, they're reducing speed.	Uhura, patch me in -
You okay?	Yeah. Fine. I just thought I heard something is all
Sure... tonight. Then please stay at my place.	Sera... you know I'm not much good in the sack
Okay, give us the women.	Oh, no ... Women is all we got
-- of this place, goddamnit, Pritchett!	Yes
Barber was my next stop, sir. Would've had it regulation sooner, only --	Don't worry about it.  If it's off your collar and out of your eyes, that's all I'm going to ask
You can stay calm -- it's the perfect situation for you -- minimum input, maximum publicity.  Everyone you ever bump into will know.  'Well done you -- you slept with that actress -- we've seen the pictures.'	That's spectacularly unfair
This is totally irrelevant.	Oh, but it's not. If I hadn't been nailed in Illinois for running a three card monte in between sets, I never would have took off for New York. I never would have met Keaton, see. That barber shop quartet was the reason for everything
Running this place for a fella in town. Nothing much to speak of.	Well, I don't notice us hustling trash, either
What show ?	Big show in the parade grounds this noon -- some boss stuff -
As a matter-of-fact I am.	When is she coming over
Mr. Welles, is it all worth it?	"It is when it works.  You know the one film of mine I can stand to watch?  ""Kane.""  The studio hated it... but they didn't get to touch a frame.  Ed, visions are worth fighting for. Why spend your life making someone else's dreams"
No... I don't really know where he is yet. I'm at a hotel around the corner.	Man, that is love
Did to.	Did not
It was part of a job-lot.  Some loony- bin they shut down.  Unclaimed stuff.	What else came with it?  Anything still here
Everything okay?	Yeah. I think so. I just had to tell him some of what I knew. Is Friday still on
It would be the beginning of the end for my family.  How can I keep all my other territories in like if I let two wise-guys stand up and demand this and that, and then give it to them?	Frankie...do you respect me?  Do I have your loyalty
I guess that'd explain why there's so many stupid people around here.	Yeah, and in California you never have to buy fruit 'cause it's all on the trees everywhere you turn...  ...and, 'course there ain't no speed limit out there, and all drugs are legal... And I heard your first month's rent is free; state law. I figure 'til we get settled we can just move around month to month..
Can you set up?	It has to be temporary, something that'll break apart and fall off as the animal grows..
I'll give you thirty on them now, I'll bring the rest tomorrow.  I've got it at the hotel.  John?  We do that, for chrissake?	No
You mentioned that he had a learning disability.	That's right
When'd you quit smoking?	Luke didn't smoke
Well, I knew this is where my mouth would be.	Down boy
Say, you need anything, Snake? Guns? Explosives? I can get you a crate of hellfire grenades, no problem - five hours.	Yeah. So how do I get to Venice
It's three thousand feet, practically straight down to the floor of the valley. The Valley of the Blue Moon, as we call it. There are over two thousand people in the Valley besides those here in Shangri-La.	Who and what is Shangri-La? You
This is it, Beavis. Huh huh. We're finally gonna score.	Heh heh. Thank God
You can't come in.	What's the matter with you, Buddy- boy? I made a reservation for four o'clock, remember
So will you?	Of course. Yes. I will.     I do
I didn't say nuthin'.  You must have a guilty conscience.  What are you guilty of?	I'm not guilty of nuthin'
I mean -- uh -- the colors in the sky are so vibrant.  I love this time of day.	I've never understood that.  It's just... getting dark.  But I like you!  Hey!  Why don't we fill the car with gas, drive to Tijuana, and GET MARRIED??
Sean's asleep.	That's great too.  Gorgeous
But they came to a beautiful place, didn't they?	If you say, miss.  If you say
We all are, David, we're all going to do it. Each of us, you, me and Juliet, will do his or her bit. Is that fair enough?	I can't do it
What did I do?	Panes is not on my team anymore.  I'll have Panes if I like
Come on nigga. Sup, sup then? Stop faking moves.	I'm gonna fuck you up bitch
No we don't -	I appreciate your dilemma, Memphis. But how are two washed-up thieves and an old man supposed to boost 50 cars in three days..
Where is he? Did you lose him?	Shut up
Bet you're right.  But I didn't come by to wangle a meal --	-- We appreciate the company. Anne Marie's getting cabin fever already
Wait a second --	Cut the crap and read it
No.  Just you.	Promise me you'll keep it that way.  You're not like the others, Laddie.  You're like me.  I can still remember, too
Give me the gun.	The gun! ... I lost i
A cabdriver. He picked me up in the Pudding Shoppe in the bazaar.	Would you recognize him again
Mother.	Harold, please! I'm on the phone
Do you think he can do it?	I don't know
Of course I'm serious. I bought it, didn't I?	This is so typical. I can't believe you. I've barely seen you for the last three weeks and now this? Are you out of your mind
It was after you, baby. After you.	Boy, that sauna is really... can't you turn it down or something
Where's the ice cream?  The Häagen- Dazs butter pecan?	Shit!  I forgot
He told me there could be only one.	Some cling to sanity through time with the one continuity and trad0 ition their lives have known: The Game.  You and I Conor, we are different from all others around us.  You know this, you can feel it.  We are flesh and bone like any man, but unlike our neighbors we are rather difficult to injure,  permanently
You don't have to be that honest, Burt.	Leonard
You mean profanity. That's simply the way they talk here. Nobody pays any attention to you if you don't swear every other word. You'll find it in all the literature of the period.	For example
Now tell me something I don't know.	All I'm saying is that Amity is a summer town -- we need summer dollars, and if they can't swim here, they'll use the beaches at Cape Cod, or Long Island
You don't think I'm kissin' his ass, do you?	You're tellin' him what he wants to hear, but that ain't the same thing as kissin' his ass
Claudia dear, come closer.  This is Max Fabian. He is a producer. Go do yourself some good.	Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits
When you were taken prisoner at Compiegne, did you have a horse?	Yes... a half-steed... white
You're out! I'm not working with either one of you!	Dignan! Stop
Death! Thank you!	Thank me next time you see me
So why the crazy talk?  It's a miracle it is.  Saint Andrew has smiled on me.  On us.	Some think not
Oh, don't say those words!	I-I, I'm sorry.  I know it's terrible
Ali?  What's wrong?	Your face smells like a foot
And who bailed you out when a hit was put on you, you sorry sack of shit. Who put you up ? Who gave you a job ?	You did
Mrs. Dillon, your son was in some sort of accident. He's had an internal hemorrhage, he's bleeding to death inside.	Well, make it stop
I'm sure Starfleet would approve, sir.	I know, but -- let's do it by the book. Stand by on this channel.  Go
She did a Harriman.	Wow
Not to me.	Well, you didn't marry her
That's nice.	"""There is a justice higher than that of man--I will be judged by Him."
I wasn't toying with her, sir. I was just... How old are you?	One hundred and five. Carrot juice.  Lot's of it. I swear, it's almost not worth it. I piss orange. Oh, and I, have to piss sitting down... like a godamn girly... every fifteen minutes. But nobody wants to die, Schwartz
Yes.	Well -- I want you to know how much I appreciate this -- really -
She did, huh.	Cheaper I guess, take us both down in one van
... or understand that they were participating in the outright theft of a world.  I won't let you move them, Admiral. I'll go to the Federation Council...	I'm acting on orders form the Federation Council
You think it's that good?	I'll tell you what... I think it's all you've got
What?	She <u>is</u> Lana Turner
Thank you for taking the time to help us with this, Dr. Frock.	Happy to be useful.  It's rare enough these days.  According to security, Beauregard put the Whittlesley crates in storage area 1012
How are you protecting your depositors? By making a lot of idiotic loans!	Take it easy, Clark
I guess so.	Tomorrow night... honeymoon on ice
-- and then walk out.	Actually, I think you'll have to run out, but yes, that's what you have to do
Well, truth is for suckers, isn't it?.	Listen. I'm Craig Schwartz, just starting out at LesterCorp
And JD is his dad, and owns the whole property?	No mortgage, no debts; lock, stock, the sodding lot . . . don't worry, I got it under control
Do you have any idea what this means, Simone?  Our ability to manufacture fraud now exceeds our ability to detect it.	I am the death of real
Oh, hi.  I'm glad you made it.  Did you bring anybody?	No
Guess again, copper.	Get moving-
You mean, you're a thief?	Well, it isn't exactly the term I'd have chosen, but I suppose it captures the spirit of the thing
Beth --	You think I'd belive you?  Believe anything you might say now?  After you lied to me about telling Barnes about my past.  About my problems.  My problems.  Not yours.  Not his.  Mine
You don't know!	I know you're frustrated, Walter, but -
Yeah, I guess that's tragedy right there.	Frequently played, seldom remarked
I'm getting her out of there!	No!  You let us handle this.  Come along, Rool
But... but why, Harry...? Why'd they do it?	He wouldn't play ball. What can I tell ya... it's done.  Anyway, I didn't want to be next, so I skipped town; came down here to work for some big-wig. Tail and nail job.  I'm sort of a non-gentleman's non- gentleman.  How d'ya like the camouflage
Oh that was... no, I ... she just kind of trapped me into giving her a ride. It's you. I want you.	...yeah
"Truman, I took the ""hypocrite"" oath!"	I bet you did
Are you okay?  You want some help?	NO
You're gonna be sorry you didn't listen to me.	You're gonna be sorry if you don't shut the fuck up
Okay.	Anything you can tell me
Yes.	Say them
Hit me.	That's twenty up, Martini.  Hey, Taber, who's pitching the opening game
Ed can run fast, talk fast, eat fast, and play cards fast, but he's fucking slow when it comes to spotting the roz.	The reason he is called BACON is he spent so much of his youth in the police station that people thought he was one of them. But he is a big boy now and it is time to move on
What?  What are you afraid of?	I can't, no, no, I can't..
He's right. A predator wouldn't leave a kill wounded.	He's not a kill, he's still alive
Listen. Something's been bothering me about last night.	What
I can't believe this.  Okay, I want both you guys to go back there, and both of you shoot her at the same time.	Yeah..
Compassion.	What's compassion, mister
Do you know what's in that box?	I'm not supposed to -- but I do. Millions in cash and bearer bonds
I got a trunk in that room. Will you get it out for me?	Certainly
And my input was mostly... EDITORIAL, really, when he'd been drinking-	"I'll bet. Jesus – ""The grand productive days."" What a goddamn phony"
Does she go up to the Farren's often?	No. I only let her go with Edward.  It's alright
Right, Chief.	So...? Where the hell is it
The blocks.	I'm a prisoner in them. Until the gunshot sets me free
I can't tell you how happy I am to hear that. I mean, I don't mean I'm happy you're uncomfortable, but, yknow... I'm such a loser. Every time I come to a party I tell myself I'm going to be different and it's always exactly the same and then I hate myself after for being such a clod.	Even then I didn't believe you entirely. I thought how could you be talking to me if you couldn't talk to people
An evil petting zoo?	You always do that!  Anyways, this is really hard, because, you know, my Dad is really evil
It means you're too hard on guys.	No I'm not
Black suits and helmets.	That's it. They know I'm in here. We've got to find them
Get me Wigand.	Sure
Me and Wes are just going to talk.	Why you got to move away to talk!
Sarah -- with an H?	No -- S.E.R.A
Imagine if your families could pay their gambling and drug debts with perfect counterfeit bought for cents on the dollar.	The Feds would be onto you in a month
Jabez -- you ought to talk to Tom about joining the Grange.	I will, Mary -- always thought a man could be stronger alone -- seems I've been wrong about that
Yeah, I guess.	Get some sleep
She's shy.	Oh
Chill?  Since when do you say ch...	When I'm talking to children
Can I help you?	Hello, Rob.  Remember me?  I'm Ray. Ian
but do you know that for sure without -	Well, I would know. I'm the Executive Sales Manager
I have lost my gift.	You left it in my bed. Come to look for it again
Yes, the Mamma is is there.	Good night Enzo, Good night Jacques
Really?	It's that disgusting hot dog you had for lunch
There were two charges, they were supposed to go off simultaneously. The second one, the one that didn't go off, was down here...  First of all, this is nothing, it's a sub-line for the breaker above. Second, why put the charge all the way down here? If you're good enough to get in here and handle the gear, you're good enough to know you don't need this.  Bourne would know.	It was staged
After four years? No I don't... and I don't know too many girls who do.	I'm exaggerating
Alright.  We're going up.	And do what?  Take on his whole posse
How'd you know my name was Jack?	"I call all you white guys ""Jack."
Fuck! It broke the skin...	And they're not fully developed.  This thing's not even an adult
No, you don't want to go down there. I am going down there. And I'm going to find <u><b>reverse</b></u> on this thing and floor it.	You'll never find it, it's a maze down there
Whose neck shall I stand on, to make me feel superior? And what will I get out of it? I don't want anything lower than I am. I'm low enough already. I want to rise. And push everything up with me as I go ...	Will you be still
...gotta...	...and then I'm struggling to impress some chick who's not half as classy as my girlfriend, who I'm not even really attracted to..
Oh, but making up the facts as you go along is ethical?  Actually, I meant you.  You probably got severance or expenses or both.  I'll take your check. No credit cards.	You've seen the post-its.  I've already got more juicy material than I need. Why should I pay you dollar one
Have you got it now?	Cotton Company -
--What the hell are you talking about?!	I've tasted other cocoas.  This is the best
I interviewed him after I met you. I'm his social secretary now. Well, assistant to his secretary.	I commend you.  If you're going to pursue poofs, go after those who can do favors for you.  You waste everybody's time when you court dinosaurs
That's what the two policemen said, sir.	What two policemen
Don't remember.	You know what we have in common
What do you want from me, Cotton?	You could start with an apology
Huh?	I like to wear women's clothes: Panties, brassieres, sweaters, pumps... it's just something I do. And I can't believe I'm telling you, but I really like you, and I don't want it getting in the way down the road
Is love a tender thing? It is too rough, Too rude, too boisterous, and it pricks like thorn.	If love be rough with you, be rough with love; Prick love for pricking, and you beat love down
Really?	Yeah, when you fell your head smacked the toilet hard. It scared the shit outta me. Sure you're okay
This concrete?  This is still America.	What do you hear
You're the best, Enzo!	"That's too easy!  Every time I beat a record there's always some dumbshit asking me:  ""D'you know that French guy, Mayol?  He's supposed to be very good!  Too bad he doesn't compete."" So, you're going to come with me to Taormina! First, because you're my friend and second, because you don't have one reason to keep on spoiling my pleasure.  ... I'll see you there.."
Who is it -- ?	Castlebeck
It's true. You'll sit there and blame life for dealing a cruddy hand, never once accepting the responsibility for the way your situation is.	What responsibility
During the trial, you did all those stories about me. You called me a liar.	I think you falsely identified him. Yes
Okay, how would it work?	It would be a full-service law firm, by and for blondes, providing positive blonde role models and community outreach in high blonde areas. I mean, think about it -- name one blonde intellectual role model
Leave me your address, and if I find anything, I'll get in touch with you.	I'm stopping at the Chatsworth
That's Sarah?  I can see what you mean.	What
Yeah, I feel dehydrated.	You got any money
Still bickerin' over that, huh?	Come on, ma. Out with it. Who came out first
The rest meant nothing to me.	There was a result to what you did. It wasn't just another expedition.  It did this.  If the British hadn't unearthed your nosey photographer in Cairo thousands of people could have died
You said they was only going to talk to him.	That was the idea
I have my family.  Also our Lord Jesus Christ.	Of course.  How is the old boy these days
You got it?  Four year scholarship to a top college, plus Medical School or Law School or whatever Joey wants; pay off the $2,500 to my attorney, plus pay her fee in full, plus my annual consulting fee...	And give a deposition to the jUdge
You've got no choice.	Whata you mean I've got no choice
And where am I gonna be?	In the parking lot, with her
Well I just bought it, now I'm fixing it up.	This is one big house for one single person
There is no us, remember?	Except I can't get you out of my head, Grace
You prefer nights?	People are more relaxed.  Less stress, less traffic, better tips
You okay?	Yeah.  But I wasn't there for a second
Oh, sure.  Here.  Anything else, Beth can get you?  Some more chicken, perhaps.  Let Beth check the fridge.	C'mon -
Tell me, billionaire, would you warm faster to my pleas if I looked more like Ms. January here?	Although the Wayne Foundation is hosting the event, sadly I will be unable to attend.  Thank you all.  Good day, Doctor
This kind of setup, you don't have any idea what the fuck you're doing -- do you?	You're right.  So why take a chance-
Maybe someday.	Julie, I'll tell you something that is the god's honest truth. I've seen a lot of really beautiful girls. I mean a lot. But none of them make me feel like you do
Good one, Phillip!  Cheers.	Cheers, Terrance
It's...the anniversary. That's what's going on...Take it easy on yourself.	I'm trying. I really am...Sometimes I don't even know why I came up here in the first place
There is no way Parker killed those guards. No way.	I think we both know who did.  What's so urgent
Well, now that is just too bad! Curiosity killed the cat.	Yeah, but satisfaction brought him back. Can I
When I found out you were going I just had an attack of nerves--a few tears--and Herbert was on his way downtown to get my passport ... so who cares ... I'm here with you ... and that's all that matters to me.	Sure
I'll be fine, Hanna.  Thank you.	Good night
From what I can see you're a pretty fair wheelman.  There's a hairpin coming up -- that's the place for it. The cops'll plow right into you.	And I end up in a fucking neck brace for life
The Green Destiny Sword?  You're giving it to Sir Te?	I am.  He has always been our greatest protector
How?	Mueller. He's as bad as West and we both know it. Now I can't do it, cause I'm tied up, but we get the others to go along -
Desmond.	New to the country, kid
You're keen on music?	Yes!!
Anarchy, my friend. Fuck 'em. You know what I mean?	Yeah, fuck 'em
Jim's methods won't do in Washington.	Joe--listen--all Susan has to do is turn those big eyes on him--he'll fall all over himself--just keep him out of there *one afternoon*--while they read that bill-
That's not even --	Yeah yeah yeah. Do you have my money
Hey Marv, he demanded confidentiality...	Gimme a break. You buy Bluestar Airlines yesterday. Today they just happen to get good news and the stock goes bat shit. You must have ESP. A real Nostradamus.  Jesus Christ, what are friends for
No, Nanook!  Quiet!	Your dog knows flesh-eaters when he smells 'em
Don't you understand, George? It's because you were not born.	Then if I wasn't born, who am I
Then they took the Mercedes away -- with his body in it.	Listen, there's an overpass coming up.  I may lose you for a minute
He's lying.	Okay, sir. I'll discuss this with the broker and I'll get back to you. You're welcome
You said --	-- but if somebody gave me the chance to square up my father's death, I'd go to hell to do it
You trust him.	Yeah, I do. A helluva lot more than I trust you
I'm not sure we can escape our natures. Believe me I've tried. I'm not even so sure anymore that we should want to.	I love that you said that. It makes me feel a bit lighter. I've been rather heavy lately. Thinking about my childhood. Realizing how much a product I am of my upbringing.  I've been seeing someone. A therapist
It better be fifteen minutes, because Bruce is waiting downstairs in a taxicab and that meter's clicking away to beat the band.	Hold on a minute
I can't do it, Louis.  It isn't ethical.  I could lose my license.	Why can't you just have them released? You're a doctor
Leo knew something heavy and was trying to tell Jimmy. But you must not know how serious it was or you would have delivered. Do you realize what Leo could have told Jimmy?! Do you?!	I took him out before he got the chance. He didn't say nothin' about Tashka Sha. And now his spirit is in the dirt. Forever
I met a friend of yours the other night, doctor.  Tall fellow.  No hair.  Rather pale skin...	I don't know what you're talking about
Oh, man.	There's something about a nice hot bath, transforms a person.  It's not just about opening up your pores, know what I mean?  There's just something about the heat and the wet that's calming you know?  Settles me in a way that I really can't articulate
No. He won't come after me.	Why not
This is fun.	All right now, here's the big question: how do you know that the evidence your sensory apparatus reveals to you is correct
Oh, I'll be back before Christmas.	It's a promise
He ain't dead -- he's dancing in there.	He was -
Wow.  Sand.	Now tell me... what do you see
You agree with a lot of what he says, don't you.	I know where he's coming from. The only thing I really don't get is why he dumped you. Up until I found that out, I thought his judgment was pretty sound
You're shattering all my myths.	About what
Everything's going exactly as we planned.	Not quite. You haven't announced our engagement yet
Just call and let me know that your okay.	I love you
Aren't you afraid?	A long time ago I learned how to put fear away in a little place in my head. Maybe that's my problem. If you don't feel fear you can do some amazing things, but you can also screw your life up in ways you can't imagine
What the fuck are we doing out here?	I don't know, Dignan. You went crazy
You're over reacting!	Make that sixty and I'm docking your allowance for two weeks
Yeah?	Can I stay here tonight?  Even if she comes here
Because we can't.	Are you on a scavenger hunt of some kind
What about him?	Let him watch.  I want him to know what he's missing
Who is this?	Are you the guy they called Ray Bones
How did you know?	Know what
I'm looking for a private island.	What are you running away from
No doctors?  That's fine. That's just fine.	Please let me help you
What is it all about?	I saw..
See you, Miles. You take care.	Bye, Stephanie. Bye, Siena, Caryl
Four nights. How did you sleep?	We raised such a fuss they finally brought cots in
No possibility for parole?	The Elders have, of course, thought long and hard about that question
Go in there ? What if Bruce finds you ?	Yeah, right. He's stuck all the way over her
George --	He's not spending the entire summer with another kid in Tahoe.  If he leaves, I will follow him up there and I will drag him home by his nose ring.  He can hate me.  You can hate me.  He can try to kill me while I sleep.  You can call the police.  You can call your husband or your attorney, but Sam is spending the summer with me.  He's my son.  He's sixteen.  That's it
The new government arrested him, held him for a couple of days with a lot of the other casino people, including Roth's brother, Sam.  The American Embassy arranged flights for citizens; I'm not sure, but I think he's somewhere in New York.	I want you to reach Fredo.  I know he's scared, but have one of our people reach him.  Assure him that there will be no reprisals.  Tell him that I know Roth misled him
Come over after I'm done here?	I can't. I want to, but I have to study
It's Tuesday. You said to call. When do I get my 45 minutes?	Tell you what. We're in Connecticut tomorrow for Ribicoff. I'll get you up front with him during the flight
Yes, he is... Look, Bruce, we're taking that next train -- and when I say next train, this time I mean it!	Did you finish the interview
Well... we blew Plan A.	Time to activate Plan B
I'm sorry, Momma.  Maybe next time.	I don't want you meeting around that house.  You stay away from those kids. And away from that dog
Hey Butt-Head, are we gonna die?	Uh, probably, huh huh...Whoa, I think my life is like, flashing in front of my eyes
Yeah. Marvin's old man gunned him down.	That's not patricide. Patricide is when you gun down your old man
She's in love with you. Anyone can see that.	They can
...uh ... No, that's...	We remember the slogans, we can't even remember the fucking <u>wars</u>.  Y'know why.  Cause it's <u>show business</u>. That's why I'm here.  Naked girl, covered in Napalm. Five marines Raising the Flag, Mount Suribachi. Churchill, V for Victory, Y'remember the Picture, fifty years from now, they'll have forgotten  the war.  Gulf War?  Smart Bomb, falling through the roof.  2500 missions a day, 100 days, <u>One Shot</u> of One Bomb.  The American people bought that war. M'I getting through to you?  War in the Balkans, don't mean nothing, till some G.I. flyer, went down, Eating Snakes for Ten days. N'then It's show business, Mister Moss.  That's why I'm here
It'll remind me of you.	Works like a charm when I use it. You didn't say it right
AM or PM?	Pro, the sun's out
Walk in a house with me, do this cross- dressin' nigga named Eddie Solomon I used to sell to been dealin' on his own.	What-- when
Oh yes.	Where from
You're not a film producer, are you?	How much do you make a week, Niki
I was already here a good many years when they came in in 1932.	1932? That's like, that's like..
What's this all about, Tyler?	And, we're definitely filling a void in the rural South
That was a lifetime ago.	It was wrong to deceive you
...but big.	...they are the tears of Old Russia... see that stone
Just come and get me, sir.  I'm tired.	Name your vacation spot, Goodspeed. The Bureau'll pay for it
I want those photographs, Gittes. We're talking about accessory after the fact, conspiracy, and extortion. Minimum.	Why do you think Mulwray's body was moved you dimwit? Evelyn Mulwray knocked off her husband in the ocean and thought it would look like more of an accident if she hauled him up to the Oak Pass Reservoir
But they'll put me in jail.	Really. Just put it there, Harold
That's what I want.	Of course the line's just imaginary. You can cross it twenty times...nothing really changes
He's crazy. He can't help it.	Well, why don't they put him away? Prisons don't want him. I took him to the hospital yesterday and here he is again
And then what... he touched you?  Did you maybe flirt a little...	I wanna go home now
You fucked me, Diego.	I did not
Right on the money!	Another mouth to feed... you don't by any chance know how to drive this crate
Sure. What other reason would there be?	I just wondered. Let's go
It doesn't matter, 'cause they're not regular horses, they got wings, and it's no big deal if you fall, you just land in cloud.	That doesn't sound so bad, come on, we'll never find that streamer
I put it at fifty-thousand dollars, minus your cut, of course.  Which is?	Make it twenty
A girl?  Anyone I should know?	Not now, no.  I mean - now that you're here, it's like she doesn't even exist, you know what I mean
What... what are you doing... ?	I'm drawing bad blood from the wound
No, sir. I'm not going to be around long if that's what you're worried about.	That's a nasty cut you got there
Joey Cicerno.  Dear friend and associate of my missing snitch, Ivan Petrov.  Both of whom were in bed with Dmitri.	Jesus.  Two in one night
Sweet.	I thought so
I do not state it, sir. The prisoner does.	Do you believe him
I'm waiting for him here. The Baron and I have been together all day. A hundred miles an hour -- in a motor car -- and in an aeroplane -- It was marvelous --	Mr. Kringelein -- How you have changed, you look so nice
And I just liked you so much.	You did? You liked me
What?	I've got to go
No fuckin' hot water man. That...	Shut it. It's Ma
No, Judy, I'm not going to move! Please! Stay in the chair!	Why?
I wonder if that poor girl has any idea what she's in for?	For our sake, I hope not
Thank you. honey.	It's okay. It's okay
None of your ideas can be goofy, Stew, if they concern me.	My name is Smith - well, that you seem to have been able to stand for the last month. I'm white, male and over twenty-one. I've never been in jail - that is, not often. And I prefer Scotch to Bourbon. I hate carrots, I hate peas, I like black coffee and I hate garters. I make seventy-five bucks a week and I've got eight hundred and forty-seven bucks in the bank - and - I don't know yet whether your eyes are blue or violet
Show Mr. Van Orton to his room.	The key
Yeah, she OD'd. But wasn't on her last legs or anythin'. She didn't take too much. It shouldn't have killed her. There was somethin' wrong with what she took.	You mean she got a bad batch
Hey...  I can't control it.  It's just, something that happened.	What is
You don't say.	I know Top Dollar has turned your streets into his hell
Just think about it.	Sweetheart, we've been through this a million times.  You'd hate it on Mars. It's dry; it's ugly; it's boring!  --I mean, really, a revolution could break out there any minute
No. You tell me, Shu.	How can I tell you what I don't know
So long, George. See you in the funny papers.	Goodbye, Sam
Oh yeah...	Yeah,, it goes up a little and then it goes down, maybe Nixon will do something. What's the difference, they're all a bunch of jerks. I wouldn't let 'em run my business, I can tell you that much. Not if I had any choice in the matter.  I don't know what to do with you. I don't know, I don't know what's right or wrong anymore
Joe's escaped. Dieter's in him.	In him
Listen, he's my brother and I don't want to start trouble...	Tell me
Did you hear me?!	Yes.  And I said, hand me those padlocks
Where's your dad?	Said he'd be home later
Sensitive is when you can tell how people feel without asking.	So what makes you so sensitive
As I said before...	Sure. But I'd hate like the Dickens to be held to everything I've said before, wouldn't you
Ch-Charlie M!	Charlie M
In case you're interested, I was pushed into that fountain.	Without any clothes on
So you really think she means you're going with her?	Well hell no, Charlie, but that's not the point.  That's not the point at all
We should be going --	Yeah, no, I have to get something from my car, I said
Where they found the backpacks and all the film a year later.	Buried deep under 200 years worth of soil, ash, and compost layers
Has Alexander agreed to this?	Yes, he has
The nature of the business.  You remove your competition.	And you want to use me to get him
He lives with his mother.	And he had a younger brother who... was... a..
How much?	With all my heart
Once or twice.	I hear he's got a whetstone and chisel, and he uses them to sharpen his teeth
Where are they?	And you are...
Quite a pair we make. Thank you, Jeff.	A couple that battles the forces of evil together is a couple that stays together.  Thank you, Jeff
I just want to let you know Mr. Gekko I read all about you at NYU Business, and I think you're an incredible genius and I've always dreamed of only one thing -- to do business with a man like you...	So what firm you with, pal
Some time.	What can I offer you, Eve
Of course I do.	It was great
Wait. Hey, man.	Erica is in the van back there
I found the car! He's here!	Where
What do we do?	Send a man there. A secret agent
What are you suggesting?	When I needed to catch earthworms, I knew the best way to catch them was not to chase them. I had to draw them out
Something like that.	And everybody you care about would be dead and buried
But that's an old story now...... I can't believe that you would leave the Butte.	Easy come, easy go
You don't have that dead look in your eyes like the only thing you live for is to get through the day.	I just drove in this morning
Now. I want your full attention, Starling. Are you listening to me?	Yes sir
Life signs?	Population... thirty-five billion...  All Borg
Well, Mr. Saavik, are you going to stay with the sinking ship?	Permission to speak candidly, sir
Who are you?	Never mind.  Wet a towel and wrap it around your head.  That'll muffle the signal
Carrie... stop it.	What the fuck is wrong with you Brian!? If you'll stop taking notes for once and open your eyes... you'll see that he is a homicidal fucking killer. He is... for real
Don't... don't say that to me...	Son, I'm grown. Don't got patience to suffer you children and this monkey junk. I'm too old to play house...  ...and cowboys. So let's have it. End me or get out of my face
A couple of hours.	I have a warrant for her arrest
OK.  I love you.	I love you too
That's okay. I just have to use the bathroom and then I'll leave.	Oh come on. Knock it off
Did she, or did she not smile?	It doesn't matter..
It's not?	That's Frankie Zammito.   The Under boss of the Chicago Mafia
It's my father, gone a-hunting.  The Baron Couer de Noir is his guest and must be provided with some sport.	Sport, indeed
I'm afraid, this wine is making me woozy...	...you have to <u>eat</u>..
Yeah, brothers are lined up at my locker.	I found you someone
As soon as you're hitched, Sal. First we get you hitched.	You guys are crazy. You know that? I mean you guys are really nuts
What was that!?	I said, do you come here often!
Moving violation! I just got out of bed and you're telling me you're giving me a goddamn speeding ticket? Now? Are you nuts? Is that it, Whitehouse? You're nuts?	Yesterday morning, you passed a stopped school bus, which was flashing its lights, then you-
Am I like Such a fellow?	Thou art as hot a Jack in thy mood as any in Verona
Wait five minutes, and go to my office. You'll get federal protection after that.	Gonna need it. That boy is dangerous. Fletch
Well, shit, man, you've only been gone for a year, man, Is that your limo?	Yeah, yeah. Yeah, the record company, they make me use it, you know. I mean, it's dumb, I know, it's just..
I'm tryin', baby, so don't start gettin' mad now.	No, I'm not mad at you, hand. It'll be all right. Just spot and follow through..
"Shakespeare. How he described a night like this--""Look how the floor of heaven is thick inlaid with patines of bright gold"".  What about you? What are you thinking about?"	My sword
I'm surprised you even knew it was an election year.	'President's Science Advisor' -- so what, you just spend all your time jetting around on Air Force One now...
Need what? Civilised order like we have down here? Christ!	I can work here. Maybe my work can help...help everyone. I can do more good with access to this equipment than I can off in some wasteland
I was born jaundiced. Once I sat on a toilet seat at a Truck stop and caught hemorrhoids. And i've learned to live with this chicken Bone that's been lodged in my throat for the past three years, so I knew Dad would be devastated when he learned of my latest affliction.  Dad, I don't wanna upset you, but my left breast is developing at a significantly faster rate than my right. It can only mean one thing.  Cancer.  I'm dying.	O.K. Sweetie, hand me the mayonnaise out of the fridge
I’ve been away.  Did Leon speak to you about his sister?	Er... Yes..
Nobody?  Morningside three-one-two-four.	I can't hear... You got who? Speak up! A what?... You can't stop for a dame now
You really liked Phelps, didn't you?	He was a good guy for a long, long time. Just - not long enough.  Gotta catch my flight.. So.  How's it feel being a solid citizen again
I would not have had that happen to you. Discourtesy is - unspeakably ugly to me.	Then please - do this test for me
The hell are they?!	They took a left at the next light
Do you work tomorrow?	Same time. What about you
There are some people who think the outside loop is reckless and irresponsible.	How could it be irresponsible, Sir, if you were the first man in the world to do it
"""Get her?""  That was your whole plan?  You call that science?"	I guess I got a little overexcited.  Wasn't it incredible!  I'm telling you, this is a first.  You know what this could mean to the University
But the line has to be drawn.	Don't you people get it?  We're in the 21st Century.  Slavery was over four hundred years ago.  All that stuff people talked in the old days, it's over.  Folks always crying, white man this, white man that.  Let's all grow up
Not your fault...	Agnes who did you see
Well, when are you quitting?	Quitting? I'm not thinking about quitting
What if every country legalized at the same time?	Somehow, I don't see that happening
Great.  Buuuhhppaahhhhnnn. . . . . Muhhhahhhhh. . . . . ahhhnnnaaa. . nollltuuukkkaaaaralllll. . . tashabararassssssuuuuusaaaaaaa. . . nnnnnnnaaaaaannnnnnnnncccccceeeeeee Mwaaaaaa. . . . .Mahhhhhkkkkk. . . sssseeeeeen. Maxine?	Who told you
Paul! Paul's eyes adjust, he recognizes many of his neighbors, all crowded into this small room. Then he sees their friends Odette and her husband Jean Baptiste.	Jean Baptiste
Are you talking about me?	And all those like you
Use the bathroom.	What's the difference..
I shouldn't say this, but you're pretty, Gabrielle. It's unprofessional, I know.	Really? I always think myself so ugly. No, not ugly, but plain. A wallflower
How'd you people happen to pop in?	We hear this is getting to be sort of a meeting place for the Wynant family, so we figure we'll stick around in case the old man himself shows up.  Then we seen him...  ...sneak in and we decide to come up.  And pretty lucky for you
Just in time, too.	In time for what
Why should I think anything's weird, if I don't know nothin' about them knowing each other?	Man, I don't want to hear your fuckin' excuses
So you're only invisible, when absolutely no one is looking at you?	Yes
With coconuts?	I don't like coconuts
But they both worked at the White House?	I will not talk about the other two
Hello, Schwartz. I saw your show.	Did you see the reviews
She said to me, I love the way you talk on the radio.	I can't wait all night, Young. I'm holding a priority and if you don't answer I'm going to knock you out of service
She was just asking about you - Whether it was nice to work for you or not.	And that was all
This is Muley Graves.  You remember the preacher, don't you?	I ain't no preacher anymore
Tammy,  now we've come to a decision. He just think it would be best --	You're going to Catholic school next year.  You're going to Sacred Heart. Maybe they'll straighten you out
I need you in Philadelphia.  I got a code 90, in a-high school.	What the hell is going on
I was in love once, Willow.  She had a hold on my heart.  I could barely function.  I *was* a great swordsman!  I was knighted!  I could have been king!	You
Where is she now?	She's hiding
We're doing fine. Take the next right.	This place empty as a tomb, mon
Me? Four years.	If you ever want to make it to five, you're gonna listen to me real close. Jason Bourne is armed and extremely dangerous. A week ago, he assassinated two men in Berlin, one of whom was a highly-experienced field officer..
Are you in the book?	Charles is
How will it?	I don't know. It's a mystery
I need a diameter approximation.	Okay, Doolittle, I'll have it in a minute
If they pushed the rocks you would have found them on the other side of the cavern wall.	Yes -- if they were trying to get in -- but what if they weren't?  What if they were trying to get out
Hello. uh. my name is Jeffrey Beaumont. Is Detective Williams in?	Oh, yes, Jeffrey. Come in. He'll be back any minute now. You're welcome to wait. Is it urgent
I know.  But chances are...	Chances are there's still a chance
In so far as I can tell these things -- no.  I believe the Chevalier won the money fairly.	Hmm-mmmm
I'm not sure I hear a question in there?	Do you remember a Miss Simms
Grandma Death.	That is a terrible nickname
"They're making ""Blair Witch II,"" too."	No problem, just give us 'til dawn and we're gone
Okay, joke about it. I don't give a shit.	Jesus, Tommy, it ain't science, you know. You got your good trades and your bad trades. That's how it works
I just wondered. Why were you trouble?	I had a temper
The door, Frank, the door! Where you from anyhow, Alaska?	Wisconsin
Is this because of your dad?	No
It’s me, Jack...	I don’t care if you’re Tim Allen with your fancy car and all your tools, you still can’t park here
What for -- you wanna play Hide the Salami with his old lady?	Come on -- just for fun -
You know something.	About running, dying what
Nope.  And I didn't ask.	Did you get a look at the stuff you destroyed
Keep moving --	Now, George -
Where are you going?	Away. I think it might take you a while to get your life back together. You don't need me around.  Don't go back in there
So you fill it with water like this, and what have you got? A water gun.	Cool, can I get one for Vada
I figured you more as a Socialist?	I moving more to Communism now it's dying out
Well...no.	You mean it's heisted
Oh, but you <u>have</u>, Ma'am.  You lied to us, that could be obstruction of justice.  A man's been killed in part 'cause of your silence, I could make out a charge of reckless endangerment and I'm sure PETA would be annoyed at how you treat your cows.	The <u>reason</u> I lied is if I'd told you the truth, you'd just hunt it down and kill it which seems to be exactly what you're doing
That's just the way I am!	Yeah, well -
Icarus, please, if you want me to give you a bath just say so.	No.  I'm getting used to it
-- that's the fact, bud --	-- where the hell were you
I'm coming onboard! Throw down a ladder!	You're outta your depth here, Miss Darrow
D.H. Lawrence. You ever heard of him?	... Yeah
Perhaps if you were to buttress your entreaties with the means to oblige them...	I am not a wealthy woman
"It's me, Mr. Taransky.  Don't you recognize me? -- The Future of Film conference in San Jose. Hank... Hank Aleno.  I was keynote speaker.  You must remember my speech... ""Who Needs Humans?"""	That's right.  You were booed off the stage.  That's got to be -- 
For Chrissake, I'll do it.  What's the combination?!	To the left twice then five no... sorry... I think it's fifteen... it's been a while..
Yeah, some creep stole my cigarettes!	Oh, I had them removed
No. And I'm not married.  Are you happy?	All things considered, yes. Even if it wasn't what I dreamt of then..
Would somebody fill me in?	He went into the pyramid alone.  We lost radio contact with him.  When we pulled him out, it was on his face. It won't come off, not without injuring him
Thank you for your gift. I'm sorry about Marie.	What's that
People won't notice.  Filmmaking isn't about picky details -- it's about the big picture.	"Oh, you wanna talk about the ""big picture""?!  How 'bout that the policemen arrive in the daylight, but now it's suddenly night??"
You might talk too much.	Yeah and what would I say
What do you mean? It's wonderful. Really, it's - it's marvelous! People love me here.	They say you're in debt
You boys'll have to go to work early.	You fixing to add overtime to a twelve- hour day? The union ain't gonna like it
Do you mind taking those things off the Walls of Jericho?  It's tough enough as it is.	Oh, excuse me
Are you asking me out to dinner?	No -- I mean yes -- I mean -- if you don't have other plans
If you're interested in what people say, Signor Matisti, I may be able to enlighten you a bit.  The newspapers, for instance.  I'm an authority on what the papers will say, Signor Matisti, because I own eight of them between here and San Francisco...  It's all right, dear. Signor Matisti is going to listen to reason.  Aren't you, maestro?	Mr. Kane, how can I persuade you 
Thanks you.  Six weeks off does a body good.  I heard she got the approval to try the reversal with Edward.	That's a secret
Metal's crystallized. Gotta replace the whole deal.	How much longer's that gonna take
When do you ever point the soles of your feet at people?	I'm saying don't do it accidently
So, <u>Neil</u>.  How's it goin'?	Okay
With pride. What can I do for you?	You can die slowly cut into a thousand pieces
I always said you'd make a fabulous girl scout.	Thanks
I'm thinking.	So think already
Uh, no.	It's really hard to reach you... Did you get the carpet samples? I like the burgundy
The N word?	Norwegian Ass Raper
"Okay, so, here you are... you go to work for tobacco.  You come from corporate cultures where research, really, creative thinking, these are core values. You go to tobacco... Tobacco is a sales culture. Market and sell enormous volume. Go to a lot of golf tournaments. The hell with everything else.  What are you doing? Why are you working for ""tobacco"" in the first place?"	I can't talk about it. The work I was supposed to do... might have had some positive effect. I don't know... it could have been beneficial.  Mostly, I got paid a lot. I took the money. My wife was happy. My kids had good medical. Good schools. Got a great house.  I mean, what the hell is wrong with that...
Hey—you not up yet? Come on—come on!	What time is it
Are you telling me they can't see murders anymore?	Maybe if he'd taken one of the males.  But the female, she's the key.  She's the one they listen to, the one with the most talent.  The one who takes care of the other two
She wasn't to blame, Mr. Dickson. It wasn't her fault. Honest, it wasn't. I begged her to come up. She didn't—	Get out, get out
They can be saddled.	You have done it
So the Mask is part of the down payment too. Must be a really big job.	Let's just see how we do
No, it's just weird with him being such a brain and all, I just wondered if he was ever able to remember stuff he'd forgotten.	When he was around your age... almost exactly your age. He said he figured out a trick to remember the past
We were called in by the Jerome base...	...to pursue a man who's stolen government proper-..
Isn't it like, obvious?	Not to me. Either you want to or you don't
Put him in Doctor Spivey's office!	Yes, Miss Ratched..
It's wonderful. I mean, you know they just watch movies all day.	Yeah, and gradually you get old and die. You know it's important to make a little effort once in a while
No kidding.  I looked over and saw the shadow of two curious shoes in the doorway of the kitchen.	This guy would go home with a gardening tool right now if it showed interest.  Wait.  Use the frosted glasses
It's dark. We'd better be getting on. The family will be waiting.	Such a brief visit, but dear child, it has made my Christmas very merry
Why not?	Why not?  Well - nobody's a great man in your estimation until he's dead
Breathe easy...	Anyway, I'm surprised Alan got the policy so easily. I know there's a history of cancer in the family
I fucking hate Raoul.  Shut the fuck up, asshole! someone.	You hate Raoul
How are you, baby?	Fine. How are you
What is it?  What's going on?  Where are we?	You're safe.  We've come to get you out of here... Just relax
It's a shame he died prematurely...I was hoping to kill him myself.	Well you'll never be able to hurt him where he is now.  I miss him already
Is this the guy with the Mustang?	No
... How are the kids getting along?	Oh. Well, I just talked to Cindy this morning. She loves California, but to quote her, she says, 'The Secret Service is getting to be a drag.' I guess she wants her privacy..
Afraid not.	Should I be worried
No. I mean. I don't know.  What else do you know about him?	Not a whole lot. We take some classes together. He's got a bad rep, but it's mostly bullshit
No, one cannot simply ignore it.	I am afraid, then, I have to ask you both, Joseph as my brother, and Junot as my good friend, whether or not you know anything about this, or whether you saw anything at all during the trip which might make you suspect some truth to it
Sloan is all 'dat.  I try her.  I'm a tri-sexual.	You'd try anything.  I got first dibs.  You get ya own stuff
No.	Let's hear your reasons, Mrs. Robinson. Because I think I know what they are
Perhaps you'd rather discuss it personally with the President--	This is not a personal matter, Mr. Harley. It concerns all the people on your planet
Oh.	Premeditated murder
Mornin', son...	Mornin', Daddy..
Relax.  J. Edgar's greatest fear: a female with a badge.	The man knew how to dress
This?	Sure. It's to break up winds, so we don't have no more dust storms. Can you imagine what it'll mean to this section of the country? I'll show you. It works perfectly now. Here's the principle. You see that fan -- that sends up air currents into the sky. These air currents -- Oh, stop it
Occasionally, but always with affection.	And yet, she seemed to feel that our love for her -- mine, yours, even her father's, in a certain sense -- weren't enough for her, or didn't mean much to her
There seem to be lots of reasons why I shouldn't.	There are lots of reasons.  Do you want to come up
...So then Denherder and Charlie sat there trying to catch their breath, and figuring out how to explain to Charlie's wife what happened to her freezer full of meat.	That wasn't funny
Because I'm not allowed to.  I still do, after work.  So, what?  Should we just break up?  Is that what you're saying?  Because if you are, I'm going to run out of patience.	No, but..
Something like that	Then you screwed u
I'll see you in an hour, max.	Night, honey
Good morning.	Good morning
I need to know.	You need to know what?  Do I still love you
Aren't you on suspension?	Just do it
So why does it bother you to talk about it... Chinatown...	Bothers everybody who works there, but to me... It was..
Jeep. There's a dry river bed fifteen miles east. He takes us to the Mexican side, drops us off at the airfield by breakfast... we've got a 9 o'clock flight.	I'll be ready
That's right.	I'll see you later
Uh, <u>look</u>....	Look:  Okay.  Okay.  Look:  look you're driving, countryside, so on, you picked her up, she was hitch..
'57, 1 believe--	And the Sheriff at the time was Big Charley Wade. Charley was one of your old-fashioned bribe-or-bullets kind of Sheriffs, he took a healthy bite out of whatever moved through this county
It's hard not to cross it; they keep moving the little sucker, don't they?	It just proves that the difference we have are..
They're... around.	Yeah?  So, what do you want to ask today that I can't answer?  I'm a busy man
I don't suppose... no...	What
Where did he conduct?	On the Baltimore and Ohio
What else, my dear Major?	By the way, the murder of the couriers, what has been done
Guess who?	Heather
Nice of you to come.	No. Frank was a good bloke
You just take it easy, now. You'll do all right. Feelin' Ok?	I'm Ok
You know Sid Fletcher?	I work for him
"What happened to ""degrees""?"	I didn't kill him -
So how many rooms am I checked into in this dump?	"Just two. So far.							  "
Yeah, I'd say at this point all we can do is just wait it out. There's nothing else.	I suppose. I mean they're obviously all bonkers, but I guess they're harmless
...It's the only reason I ain't quit before now.	What
Seems like a pretty open-minded guy, huh?	"His nickname is ""The Hammer."
You're speaking up for him again?	He can locate Isla de Muerta -- but I doubt he'll be willing to help us from the brig
You've got this wrong. You're not under arrest, you've been abducted. And until I say different, you belong to me.	Is that a fact
It couldn't be simpler.	First bassoon and tenor trombone - what
Yeah.	Now what's he know about garbage, huh
I don't know what to tell you, sir. He's been gone this whole week.	And you've no idea where he went
It's not safe here.  The whole country's crawling with Bandits and Germans and God knows what.  It's madness.  I can't allow it. You're not, this is natural - it's shock. For all of us.  Hana -	I need morphine.  A lot.  And a pistol
Get away from me.	Don't you see what this means?  You really think Sam and Kelly are gonna give you a third of the money?  You, the pill-head with the rap sheet
What are you doing?	Just praying to god that we don't kill ourselves going over this wall
Spare me please!  Don't tell me about the Rebellion again.  I've had it with your noble mission. All you let yourself think about is the Rebellion.  The result is you're as cold as this planet.	And you think you're the one to apply some heat
Moreover...	What
I don't like waiting.	Tough shit, bro. This ain't Miami. You want something, talk to me
That's it?	Best we could do in two hours
I am now.	Glad I could be of some help
Sorry to disappoint.	How does it feel, Mank? Going up to the palace and making all the lords and ladies laugh as you tell your little stories and beg for crumbs at the table? How does it feel being the ugly little monkey they keep to amuse themselves--?
We know everything.	No, Jeff.  You don't.  He's not a murderer, I tell you.  He;s not a murderer
Oh. I didn't know. I'll take you to the best restaurant in town.  You'll miss a great meal and I'll keep the scarf, anyway. What's your name?	You're a fast mover
Sorry...We don't even know if Debbie 'n Lucy are with this bunch...Maybe they split up...	They're with 'em -- if they're still alive
...make some trips into the city. Sometimes, overnight.	Hey, any help you need, we'll cover
Do you want something to drink? A beer? A glass of water?	No thank you
WALKED RIGHT INTO IT.	NOT ONLY THAT, BUT ZORRO GOT YOUR WINGMAN. NICE GOING
Well, I'm... braver at night, if that's what you mean...	Yeah?  Me too..
Cinq cents.	Viens
A humanoid robot is like any other machine, it can be a benefit or a hazard.  If it's a benefit, it's not our problem.	But because your department can't do an adequate job in detecting the miniscule number at large, it's a problem.  Correct, Mr. Deckard
You're a thousand percent right!	Or else he's working an angle. If he doesn't steal a little, he's steeling big
I can defeat him with anything from flavored toothpicks to siege howitzers.  But he got it into his little head that he could come here and demolish Harold Ryan with words. The truth!  Correct?	Correct
Come, come, Mozart; I'm interested. Truly.	Actually, it's a big secret. Oh, this is delicious! What is it
Yes?	Between a new screen, paint, plumbing for the concession stand, and about a hundred other repairs around the theater... it's going to cost at least nine hundred dollars to get the Bijou into shape to open up
I'm at Bleeker's getting an appraisal on that diamond. I thought we might have lunch together.	I -- I'm afraid I can't -- not right now. Can I talk to you later?. Yes, that'll be fine. 'Bye
Very dangerous.	Asbestos lining
Good-by.	Wait a minute!--They're dancing in the palm court-
My girlfriend's predicting another murder in the next few days.	What makes her think that
You do NOT run out on your moth...	YOU'RE WORSE THAN <u>SHE</u> IS!  WHY DON'T YOU JUST DIE, <u>TOO</u>
Can you reconstruct the throttle valve?	Yeah... if I knew what it looked like. There's probably five hundred ways to design a valve like this..
He hung it up.	What
We shall want a full autopsy ...	With particular emphasis on the cranial and oral areas
"""Simon ate of the heart of the beast and his soul was cleansed.""  These pictures are not just myth, Andy. The scholars of the day used them to record facts and enlighten the public. This is the medieval version of a newspaper."	Yeah, well what if it's the Weekly World News..
So you have claimed. Yet you have no explanation for this.  The locket last seen in the hands of the poor murdered child was found hidden in your dress the morning following the murder. The locket you so coveted.  How did it come to be in your possession?	I have no knowledge of that
What d'you mean?	Hell, I don't belong here. I don't know what I' been thinkin'
Time for <u>your</u> lesson, Vic.  Chem 101: what happens when you <u>supercool</u> hot metal...?  Ben...	Got it, teach
Please...	I'm not wearing underwear.  Okay? There, I said it.  Satisfied
You never needed nobody. Always made that clear to me.	Yeah. I know I did. But...  I'm tryin' to be dif'rent. I'm tryin' to... get some peace, you know
In a way.	I mean -- working together. Just like the old days. The things we've been through, Hildy
So what is they have enough to shut us down!	You mean shut your ass down
Nice house for a shaman's daughter.  You must be good.	Come here
Tell me why I miss him.	He's dead
So you don't love him. You wouldn't say you --	We've talked enough, Benjamin
You seem to understand the question, now how about answering it?	Hans Hinkel was in the Ministry of Culture; how could I know such a man?  
Blocked.	Ah. I don't believe in writer's block
I can't even remember what day it is, man.	It's Friday the 13th
That Larry guy -- what look was he going for? A gay tennis player from the forties?	Fuck you
What's the idea of telling me you just knew the Wolfe girl by sight?	That's all I did, Lieutenant. That's the God's truth.  Maybe I said hello to her or how are you or something like that when I saw her, but that's all I knew her. That's the truth.  All right.  Put your mouth in and I'll pop a tooth out of it
That's her. That's Vanessa Loring.	Of the Penny Saver Lorings
Okay... Lemme clear it with...	It's okay with Arnie... Come on, let's go
Hello.  I'm looking for Maggie Carpenter.  There was a sign at the hardware store across the street...	Are you a reporter
I think you should give up diving. It's dangerous.	Don't be silly, I'm the best in the county
I meant --	He meant what you were saying on the tour: that if things keep on the way they're going, humpbacks will disappear forever
Granger and Pitts are already on it.	Granger and Pitts have one hell of a caseload... and I would have thought with Jetson here being the first Newcomer plainclothes, and Hubley's body being found over in the Newcomer community..
Yes.	--And that Mr. Marsh paid less attention to you
Does she, goddamnit??	Not that I've seen--but that has no meaning--that means nothing
Oh, Phillip.  This cannot be good.	I know, Terrance.  This is quite the shitstorm we've found ourselves in this time
"Look at this one ""Wholesome, spiritually wealthy couple have found true love with each other.""  ""All that's missing is your bastard."""	There's a guy in here who's giving away a piano. Free for the hauling! We should put it in Bleeker's yard
Long ago -- before my father's father.	And it had three lines painted across it?  The lines represent the three levels of the universe. I've seen stones like the one you lost
Because they don't like what I want.	What's that
What a filthy job!	Could be worse
I don't know, Ms. Jenzen.	Well, who's the damn thing <u>from</u>
You mean...tonight? With all those things still out there?	Oh, sure. Why not? Sounds like a hoot
Come take a look. An entire-suite of main-frame computer.	We're not really interested, Henry
You're right, don't matter where they come from.	Right.  We need to be talking about what we're gonna do
That's no surprise.	But it's a different m.o
'The deepest, darkest secrets --'?	Yeah, it's like you know every inch of each other's souls -- and then you're free
Man, why do you keep asking me that?	Just getting my facts straight. Twenty-two makes it a gas chamber bounce. You should have pulled this caper a couple of years ago.  Get life, do a little Youth Authority jolt, transfer to Folsom a big man. Orbit on some of that good prison brew, get yourself a sissy -
He's in Florida.  Palm Beach.	When's he due back
Well, I'll tell her I ran into you.	You mean him
No.	You ever going to bed
Don't you ever point a gun at me!	I'm -- I'm sorry..
Uh ... yeah, well, you know, Ma, John Kennedy went by Jack.	Catholics.  What do you expect? Oh, well, what's in a name, right? Let's go inside and have a look at that cake
No. No one never did.	There's two new ones over at your place, ain't there Ruby
Where does it lead?	It must be a closet or something
Sorry, bro, reflexes.  How did you do that?	Black magic
I want a fucking lawyer, man.  I want Bill Kunstler.	What are you, some kind of sad-assed refugee from the fucking sixties
...Nothing.	What do we do
The Mission Director.	You wish
Getting nervous?	Nervous?  Not at all!  No.  I've never been more certain in my life.  Except -- I am having all kinds of weird dreams
I just come home to take a quick shower.	Sal's gonna be mad
Kill type?	Drowning
That job you were talkin' about, did you get it yet?	Why
Oh, we working for the Feds now?  If my snitch flew out a window, he's got Dmitri's handprints on his ass. That makes it homicide, that makes it ours.	What homicide?  Phil.  Where's a body? Look.  All we got is glass..
I don't know. He just appeared as magic.	Well, don't just sit there, shoot him
Bye, bye, Claudia.	Good bye
Meaning--	Meaning no one arranges calalilies like that. He left the window open when he came in. His only mistake
I like you so much, with or without hair.  But don't spread that around. Bad for business.	I'm really glad you two found each other
She isn't a part of this. This is between you and me.	Call up Petrov and order Stravanavitch' S release
The room has a bug in it.	I'd like to go outside with him, in the open air
I'm on my way to Venice.  Why?	Venice?  I love Venice.  With the boats, right?..
Do you really think that Harold Ryan would go to Africa with a vacuum cleaner salesman?	You invited me
What happened?	Poor man had to leave town.  And I hear that other women came forward
History.	How'd you like that course
Nice try. Everyone thinks I did.	That's because I wanted them to
Here he comes.	What
Fletch.	Full name
Isn't he chairing the Armed Services hearing?	Not this week. This week he's flyfishing at the Oughterard Slough in County Kildare, with one of our best Irish guides
No... I've seen her. Good-looking woman.	She's probably ten years older than you
From the grave?	MyDick
Tim studied several styles, but his favorite was Jeet Kune Do.	Jeet Kune Do...Now I did some research on that form of fighting, and I found out that Jeet Kune Do was a style developed by Bruce Lee. Did you know that
So, what is it you do, Mister...?	Cooper. Bobby Cooper. Oh you know, whatever pays best. Little bartending, used to teach tennis, played a little competition ... 
Yes, well, I awoke to discover I'd turned into a cat. If you don't do as I say, I'll sink my little fangs into your drumsticks, and suck the marrow straight out of your bones.	At your service, Count
Huh?	You called me so you could have a place to stay
Well, here we are.	You two from the Poliakoff Agency
They got him!  Wait a minute -- hold the wire.  They got Earl Williams surrounded -- the Riot Squad has -- in his house.	Tell 'em to hold the wire
No.	Did he do some anonymous good deed for her
But I'm always afraid I'll say something stupid.	Ah
Roy, when was the last time you had an actual date?	What does it matter? Women just want to control you -- and talk about their feelings. They want to know why you're angry all the time -- and what can they can do to help -- so you tell them there's nothing -- nothing -- just leave me alone -- but they bug you and they bug you and they bug you -- until you just can't stand it anymore! -- so you finally open up -- you pop like a blister -- and it all comes spewing out -- all your emotions -- your feelings -- your fears -- all of it!  And then they dump you
Enjoy your last night...  ...where's Otis?	Oh, he's coming, he got something real special this year
Not a chance.	JUst don't go in there half cocked. You guys have a tendency to blow shit up and ask questions later
Hey, if you live another week I'll be impressed.	What if-
I call that a perfect day.	A perfect night
Yeah, I did.	Who did you kill
Oh God.	I been talking to Swanbeck in New York and... Orson, I think they're gonna take it A long pause as Welles looks at Schaefe
Yes...	If we can go in past the Oculomotor Nerve..
Good! I'm going to be pretty busy tonight--	Not another bill
Oh, that's rich -- coming from her lapdog --	I saw the longing in your eye -
Here, Captain.	Maliciously destroyin' municipal property while under the influence. What was that
Good evening, sir.	Good evening
Don't you usually like to sit at the back?  To wave at your Dad?	I want to sit beside you tomorrow
Do you like music?	Yes, I do -- very much
Hey, no kidding?  In color?	Cross my heart and hope to die
Alright, high level air safety tips.  If anything happens, it'll usually be in the first five minutes of the flight, right?	Okay
Who said I'm not getting recruited?	Your hot-ass temper
I dunno.	I know you don't know. I said guess
It's all right.	Well, if things go the way I hope they'll go, this money business will take care of itself.  God willing
Yes.	Yaay
Condom Boy is waiting for me in the cafeteria.	But the dance is in the gymnasium
I'm sure that was the idea.	What did you say
You have an emergency call on your private line.	Thank you.  This is Burgess
Why?	See what turns up--which I guarantee will be nothing. Some of the rest of the party are more hopeful-
You are lately come to Scotland, Joseph?	I come from Lisbon
So this boat of yours...that's what you do? Give people...rides.	That's what I do
Maybe not.	You want her that much
Harry, if I gave you Leo's money you'd have Ray Bones all over your ass and then you'd be in a whole new kinda trouble.	Who
We aren't barbarians.	Yes, sir
Huh.	He and his love are like a retiarius.  Do you know what a retiarius is
How are you -- is it Joe?	Jeff. Sorry. I didn't even know this was your house until about an hour ago
Now don't give me a killing-Max- won't-solve-anything speech, because it will.  Aren't you tired of this sanctimonious robber baron always coming out on top?  When he should be six feet under?	Jesus, Selina, you're not the judge <u>or</u> the jury... I mean, just who do you think you <u>are</u>
She always said that if you were on the outside...	But I'm not on the outside. I'm in here
And...?	They're serious.  They're cautious. They'll forgo a deal over a technicality of how a delivery's handled...they'd walk away, rather than compromise operational security...that's good
Josie, you have totally transitioned.	Transitioned
What are you talking about?	"You said, ""You don't make something up unless it's sure to help.""  How did you know that I made it up"
What's wrong?	Nothing could be better..
Well, is that really true? I mean, would you really get killed just to save his life.	Certainly
I don't need a plant.	Everyone needs a plant. This ivy is one tough baby. It's a cutting from one of mine
Been any place unusual in the past twelve hours?	Home, school, here..
I am a servant of the His Majesty the Emperor. I have served His Majesty on Arrakis long enough for my eyes to change.	He's hiding something
The obituary column?	You'll find one of those people
Are there any other humans?	Gracious... no
I thought you said you'd show me your place.	Not tonight
Never stopped you before.  And for God's sake stop plucking your hair. Someone went to a lot of trouble to make sure you wouldn't go bald.	If I were you I'd worry about myself.  Haven't you forgotten something
I met him in New York.	Marge! You've got to hear this
Come along, oh, Madam, come along. The train will be going.	Wait a minute. I've got to ask myself
Maybe I jumped the gun.  Maybe Those Cowboys aren't near as bad As they're painted.  You know I Was thinkin', there's a lot of Money in the cattle business...	Wait a minute, you thinkin' of Getting in bed with the Cowboys
You don't want to, dear. I'd like to talk to Tom alone -- perhaps this afternoon? Would you mind? Marge, what a man may say to his sweetheart and what he'll admit to another fellow --	Such as
We got -- I don't know, we got separated	Before or after the explosion?  Mueller -
You believe me don't cha?	Shut up and start the car
Why should we submit ourselves to their domination?	Hear, hear
But first I'll live among them, just long enough to testify before congress about the waywardness of humankind.	Okay. If you think it will help
Are you with plant security, Sergeant?	Town Police
Ah, yes, I forgot... God sent us an illiterate peasant to carry out such an important mission!  Do you think that God made the right decision, to take an ignorant girl to save the kingdom of France?	I leave the answer to God
...wow...	So what do you think
You fucked a prostitute?	No Micheal did. It was an accident
But I wasn't sure you'd come.	Here I am.  Shall I come in
No, it was wonderful. That wasn't the problem.	What was the problem
We got nothing, Chief. We tore the place apart. We can only legally hold her for another couple of hours.	Dammit!  Where's that damn unit??!
...You betcha. S'posed to be colder- n-a witches tit tonight...	Oh, Lester. He loves his weather, y'know
What I never could figure about the movie?	What
Mine too?	Yes, sir. But soon as our money runs out, they'll mob the place
Give us time.	Like hugging a lamp post
I'm talking about human beings communicating openly and honestly.	How about getting on your knees and communicating with my dick
She's yours.  What are we waiting on?	I'm backing up
What?	Rudy. How'd you know my name
What's your air reading?	Twenty minutes..
There aren't any cheeseburgers.	Look. I thought we talked about this, I thought we said ..
Shoot, Doc, the only one I'm disturbing is that old nurse and her fixed ways. That's all.	Yes, that may be so, but in making a careful study of your past record, along with your behavior since you arrived here, my feeling is that you are not mentally ill and it is going to be my recommendation that you be returned to Pendleton where they are better equipped to handle your case
Didn't think you'd make it.	Wouldn't miss this for the world, pal
You wish.	They found him in his office this morning-- beaten so bad they had to check his nametag
I mean, there's kids that are even holding hands already but I figure there's plenty of time for that kind of thing later on. Don't you?	Oh you bet.  Will you excuse me for a sec
No, you don't!	He kept trying to get me to change my story about the shots.  He was getting hot under the collar, and telling the woman not to write when he wanted
No, thank you -- what's your name?	Belle -
This way, Edith. Harold is out by the garage. He has a new car and he has been tuning it up. He's very mechanical.	What kind of a car is it
You're making me very angry.	Just tell me.  Tell me some more of the secrets you and Christian shared. What kind of degenerate pervert was he really?  What the fuck did he want with a snuff film
What do you think.	Terry's never going to give you satisfaction.  Not the type
...ah, fuck this...	The...Shelly?  The hot leads are assigned according to the board.  During the contest. Period.  Anyone who beats fifty per..
If you feel lonely, or need to talk, all you have to do is say so.	To talk?  Well, OK, that might be good
It is nothing.  She comes to read books, so her father will not find her.  It is absolutely nothing.	What books
Do you make a habit of hanging out in that neigh- borhood at night?	What are you getting at
Kegan!	It is too late. He has drunk
But -- what is he doing?	About to hang himself, I should think
Give me the ball.	My court, I go first
It's not just inner beauty, is it?	Turn around
Yeah?	Try not to get your ass shot to pieces. We got enough dead cops on this one
How's your star?	Gosh, you look nice
Well, don't get excited about it. We agreed that the merger with the Saxonia people must go through.	I want to dictate my statement for tomorrow. I can't speak without notes. I like to have things down before me in black and white
And that's tough, isn't it?	Without someone to teach you, it's tough
It's no my fault I was born first. Besides, nobody ever sent me on an eight month vacation, so ease up on the sad sack stuff.	It's not a vacation, it's private school
What's the big idea?	I'm sorry. I was having a nightmare.  Something I ate.  I'm not at all well.  See?  Hot water bottle
Not this kind of heat.	Heat is heat
"But you said ""you."""	So what
You know... it's parts...	I know what junk is
Hey, I'm wanting a bet put on.	Can you not go yourself
I got kicked out. Well, not exactly kicked out. I was asked to leave.	I guess there's probably a story behind that
Her heart.	Can you give her something
No momma.	You are not happy. Tell me what is the matter
It is.	Eh
I can live with those reflections.	I'm sick of these calorie-countin' pansies. Give me a guy who likes kielbasa and beer and playing thirty- six holes and still has enough energy to take me and Warren out to a ballgame
When?	Soon
It worked.  How many men can you raise?	Not many.  Dalton, Scott, they've got their reasons; Rev. Oliver, he believes in the cause; some of the young bucks; a few like me with nothing to lose...  What about you?  You've got a lot to lose
Look, Doctor, I don't want to be rude, but --	And I don't want to invade your privacy -
What is that?	It's frogs.  It's raining frogs
Something round, two wires ...	That's the blasting cap - good! Okay, now grab it by the base and pull it straight up. No, Wait..
I don't know.	That's not a helpful answer
This same person been bragging all over the county how he don't have to cut that big gringo Sheriff in on it-- he can run his own operation 'thout any help. Como se llama, amigo?	Eladio Cruz
--melodramatic?  Things are past that--remember, these are men with switchblade mentalities who run the world as if it were Dodge City.	What's the whole thing about--do you know
Kirsty? It's very late.	Where's Daddy
And thank you for dressing up for us. This is very classy. Tell us. What kind of professional plans do you have? What's in your future?	Well, I was thinking...I might work for you
Oh, thank you! Thank you! Thousand times, thank you!	Tell your friends
It was in the cava and the hole sealed itself off. I must have jiggled it just enough to turn it loose. I can't feel it in the heart or the right pulmonary artery. So it's in the left pulmonary artery.	What do we do
What are you doing??	That lunatic has been spouting off about Jason since we boarded...  It's no coincidence
Where's the stuff?	What are you talking about
But...	I'm sure he loves you, too. You know the expression, let sleeping dogs lie? You're better off not knowing
I mean they can't even trace that guy on that radar they got, every time they try he just flies off.	Where
I know we banned this play, but frankly I can't remember why. Can you refresh my memory, Herr Director?	For the same reason, Herr Chamberlain, that it was banned in France
I don't remember saying anything like that -- exactly...I don't know why I just did.	Oh let's see -- wait a minute, well, I can think of two reasons
General McAddie is who requested our coming here. We were awakened at three AM and told to get down here immediately.	I don't know anything about that
We are little more than a sum of memories.  From them we reference who we are, where we're going.  Without a past we are nothing.  This is why you are so interesting.	I'm nothing then
I've never fired anyone in my life.	I'm sorry Captain. Don't take it too hard
O no! Your turn!	All right
Yeah?	You know, you saved my life.  And I just wanted to say... I forgive you for talking during the movie. Almost
Er... well... we... we... would be TERRIBLY grateful if you... all... would sing for us.	You're just saying that
Oh, still sore about this.	Something your father would've come up with
Yes.	Who
We all have...	I mean something bad, Gloria, something bad you saw coning, and you didn't do anything, and then it happened.  I did that once.  I don't want to do it again
I thought it was great, I thought you and Big John would be like a couple of bulls in a china shop --  Instead it was --	Like a marriage made in heaven
And there's a Mr. Goble to see you. Says his business is personal.	Who's Goble
Superconducting QUantum Interference Device.  SQUID.  Got it?  There's gonna be a test.	Hey, fuck you, man
Oh, I don't remember that...	I do
We got a helluva tide this month.	Could you just keep that crowd back, please
A girl cannot live by psychoses alone.	It's the car, right? Chicks love the car
I'm saying it because it's true. Inside of us we both know you belong with Victor. You're part of his work, the thing that keeps him going. If that plane leaves the ground and you're not with him, you'll regret it.	No
Did something happen to make you care about reality?	"Yes.  Conviction.  Conviction that I'm onto the truth.  You're going to do the same thing to ""poor bastard number four"" that you did to the last three.  You're going to run again.  And I'm not leaving until you do"
Eddie.	Yeah, who's this
What do we do here, David?	Sorry
This is our choir director.  He's gonna play the young hero.	Are you IN5ANE?  <u>I'm</u> the director! <u>I</u> make the casting decisions around here
You don't understand...	That's because I speak human, and you speak monster
"Sure. But eventually, even the more serious-minded birds began to listen. ""Why should humans rule?"" they asked themselves."	Hear
Stay smart, Bud.  We build a case. We play by the rules.	There are no rules!  Why the fuck are you doing this?  The Nite Owl made you.  You want to tear all that down
I'm fine.	You don't seem fine
I thought I would ask you a few questions if that's okay.	Huh.  You used to come to the club? I shouldn't have let you in.  You must have only been about sixteen
Make it snappy, Colonel.	There's an autopsy ordered at Bellevue immediately. You better skip over there
Yup.  Hey, so I heard you dropped in on Tran last night.  Another slick Lenny move.	He's in this somehow... I don't know how.  Just stay close to Faith
What's up?	Sit down
Hey, you know anybody who wants to get hold of some video games... cheap?	You're getting out of the business
Yeah?	You think... You think those guys were b.s.-ing us today or what
Nonsense.	"You don't know what Tsavo means, do you?  It means ""slaughter"".."
A situation?	I don't imagine you frequent the Republican Clubs.  But the fact that neither you nor I are members should not blind us to the significance of their existence.  The Tory Party has always been our party
Just think, we'll never have to see any of these creepy faces ever again.	Unless they're in your Summer school class
The Borg ship has modified its shields, Captain. Our phasers will no longer be effective.	Ready quantum torpedo
Not bad for a hack. He has a future in yellow journalism.	He kicked major ass and you know it
Maybe I don't want you to.	Maybe, but if you didn't I think you would have kept on walking
You weren't able to make me feel safe or secure -- no easy job for any  man, I admit -- and my problem is, if I think I'm losing, I pull myself out of the game. I bail. See? I told you, I'm the love coroner.	What did you do to your hair
There was one time when I was eleven...	You were talking about your wedding
The door was opened, so I just came right in.	I can see that. Why
And by doing so, he would've known we have spies in his organization.	Yes, sir.  But what about the disks?  If the cops end up with the disks, we're gonna see a whole lot of heat
You know, she probably means well, after all...	She is a louse
Is Charlie pressuring you to do things you don't think you should be doing?	What do you mean
I'm not mad.  I am, but I'm not.  Y'know?	I love you so much
You're a silly girl.	Yes, I am a silly girl, for not having seen sooner that you were nothing but a coward with a heart full of fear
What for?	Bank robbery? Do you know what he does for Ordell
I'm sorry about Luther.  He was the best street worker I ever saw.	He had you down as a big-timer. What happened
You're a stupid, fat arsed, obstructive, fascist moron aren't you?	If you say so
What do they do to you boys in those Ivy league schools, anyway? Strap you down and pump the Nature out of you? They can even press the last drop of Nature out of a Mohawk buck. Why, send a shaman or cannibal to Yale for four years and all he'd be fit for would be a desk in the military-industrial complex and a seat in the third row at a Neil Simon comedy. Jesus H.M.S. Christ! If Harvard or Princeton could get hold of the Chink for a couple of semesters they'd turn him into a candidate for the Bow Tie Wing of the Hall of Wimps. Oogie boogie.	If we Ivy Leaguers aren't earthy enough to suit you hillbillies, at least we don't go around indulging in racist terms such as 'Chink.' Next thing I know, you'll be calling me 'chief.
I don't know why I keep hoping you'll grow out of this tomboy thing.	I won't.  I'm a lesbian
Mr. Gekko, I don't think I can...go on.	...finish out the game, Bud, push yourself..
I only met Kurtz once.	Would he remember you 
Respond with static. Let them think we're having difficulty. Which wouldn't be far from the truth.	Paradise City, can you boost your power? We're barely receiving transmission
That's not Maurice?	That's Kenneth, my brother.  He's talking on the phone
First time for everything is the best.  After that you know too much and it's never quite the same.	You must get bored easily
We gotta play with more bullets, Nick. It's the only way.	More bullets in the gun
Oh, it wasn't all that bad, darling. We were fortunate that Mr. Gardiner turned out to be so reasonable.	Reasonable? Good, I'd like to meet a reasonable man. Why don't you ask this Gardiner to join us for dinner
Sure. If you like.	I think I would.  And teach me to spit too. Like a man. Why should only men be able to spit. It's unfair
Yes you have. You were thinking you were gonna get a good night kiss.	No I wasn't..
We think in miles, not kilometers.	So how many miles do you think it is
Anything against zippers?	You make fun of me. Like the tourists. Driving by all the time. Some even come into the yard. Very rude. They seem to think we are quaint
I'm going for 'em!	No
At the wedding?  You invite him?  Bob, don't you realize he's writing another article about me?	Sure I do.  But the bet defense is a good offense, right?  You're not going to let your opponent throw you off your game
- Inauguration balls -	- opening of the Opera 
Why would I do that?	To hide the evidence
And you got Skye Davidson.  Pretty big leagues for a first timer.  Do you even like movies?	Not particularly.  Weird, isn't it?  God I'm rally up.  Do you feel anything yet, Mac
There, you see? See?	I have a half brother
You didn't bring any chocolate, did you?	What
Quincy, please...	I mean, how many times have you told me yourself to watch out for these ho's
Don you worry Bunny, youse a killer anyway.	Yeah but I still like a piece of pussy once in a while - ain't nothing like a piece of pussy cept maybe the Indie 500
What if I just left?	Where're you gonna go, bitch? Besides, you know that if you left me, I'd hunt you down and kill you, right? I'm gonna go grab a drink
Ed, you're still young.  This is the part of your life when you're <u>supposed</u> to be struggling.	I know... But sometimes I get scared this is as good as it's gonna get..
Where... how'd you hear that?	CB. Little while ago. One of the boys on the way in picked up Jack on the CB calling for state troopers. I figured you'd know what really happened. The fucking guy kill himself? This Twombley, who the fuck is he, anyhow
Please call me Leonard. My wife called me Lenny.	You told me
What?	At being a fake
How different?	As different as it's possible to be
Just come and get it...right here!	DON'T, come on!!
I want to go home.  I don't like it here.	Oh, Jesus, come on, will you? Don't mess this up anymore than it's already been messed up. Join the other kids. Do that and before you know it you'll be as happy as a goddamned clam
No, he's off tonight. Where was he last night?	How would I know
Oh, don't do this!	Wasn't it
Thank you, Mrs. Rand.  I think you're every bit as nice as Wes says you are.	So -- he says I'm nice.  He's a nice boy, too, Miss Connell, a very nice boy.  But I'm worried about his drinking
You seem fine now.	Great!  You're going to believe that fat dweeb Mr. Hardy over your own daughter
Please don't go.	Get off me
Harry-?	Out!  Out
I ask you to reconsider the rash course you've taken. If you're convicted of heresy, the most you'll get is two years. But if you persist in pointing guns in my direction, you'll hang for high treason.	We've never meant to be treasonable, sir.  But up there, in the face of that Cliff, is a vast cave -- and in that cave a fabulous treasure of fossils and artifacts
She was never attacked. I think she made it all up.	Why would she lie about it
Really?	Uh huh
"Do you think the ""Enquirer"" shouldn't have campaigned against the oil leases?"	You might have made the whole thing less personal
Bartending?  I'm 17.	Okay, not bartending.  Why on the water every day
Nay, I am the very pink of courtesy.	Pink for flower
Then wait, Sonny.  Talk to Pop.	Sollozzo is a dead man, I don't care what it costs.  I don't care if we have to fight all the five families in New York.  The Tattaglia family's going to eat dirt.  I don't care if we all go down together
It's valuable.  Hang onto it.	No.  You take it
You have got me there. Old Don is as useless as tits on a boar.  But, he is my brother-in-law, and I would look on it as a personal favor if you'd think some more on hirin' him back.	I can't do that. And I appreciate the fact that he's your brother-in- law, and I do want to help you and I like to do favors, and I know who you are, but I cannot do that
It's happened at last, we've become a limited company.	I'll look in here again
You see, Sean? That's exactly not the point. No one remembers that. They--	I do
I hate him so much sometimes, Stephen. You don't know how hard it was for me to put that uniform on...	Maybe I do.  ...What a fuckin' mess, huh?  People can change Brian
Oh.	But finally able to explore the Cairo night-life. I shall produce an authoritative guide to the Zinc Bars and - I want to say Harems - am I in the right country for Harems
Lieutenant, I have a top secret clearance. The Pentagon sees to it that I know more than you.	Not in this case. CHARLIE  You saw a MiG push negative 4G
A limousine has just pulled up.	Let me see
Ancient. Have you finished your homework?	After this dance
No.  He got tired of pretending.	Oh, Sean -
Did you hear that strange music?	What
I thought you were getting me a drink?	Just a minute
Leave us alone, Ramona.	Don't go
You and Sam are going to live in a garage without plumbing for the summer?	The garage is plumbed.  I'll put in a toilet.  We'll survive
What do you know about me?	I know that you used to work with an architect
I'm Christ	You want to do the life of Jesus
Larry? We've got twenty-five minutes until the assembly, and we still have to do counts for VP, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Hendricks and I have both verified the numbers, and unless you can come up with the ballots you claim are missing -	But, Mr. M. 
Your mom and dad will have to call kindly doctor so-and-so to dig up your dental records, because there won't be much left of your face.	Please, God, no..
What Mr. Parker?	She never ate a slice
Then who's Russell Nash?	I don't know anymore
You cannot say that!	No? Was Mozart a good man
You look terrif on the floor!	What are you, a dance judge?  Go do your job; take a walk around the neighborhood... see everything is okay
You mean...and orgasm?	You got it, stud
Do you want to go out with me ?	It's sounds so much better when you say it. I'm semi traditional here, and it's important that I ask. Will you go out with me 
Yes. What do they... stand for?	They're just words
It must be weird for you to have so many sisters?	No. Not at all. It's nice
You are.	Are you alright
Hah! No, I'm not. Actually, I used to be, but the therapist I had was really ineffectual in helping me deal with my problems. Of course, I lied to him constantly, so I guess I can't hold him totally responsible...	So you don't believe in therapy
That--or he's out blazing trails. He'll show up.	Sure--sure. He must have a compass with him
And if the police stop by - what do I tell them?	Tell them we're working for the University
He's nuts about you.	Yeah, nuts
Oh, give me a break. Look at her. She don't even know where the hell she is. She'd have more fun at Bordner's.	I'm not taking her to a bar
Now, top secret file.	Come on.  Hand over
Look at Jeannie's kid.	What? What happened
It's not Sunday? I missed you. You shouldn't leave me alone.	You're blaming me? I had to go see my family
I don't think they make Nikes in her size.	We're almost there, Lib.  Step on it
You.  Tell me, Roland, when was the last time you answered your phone?	Last time I plugged it in, I suppose. Why
What was his name?	Donnie. Donnie Darko
No.	I'll put this right through your head
Extra muscle.  Bodyguards.	Has he
--chalked just hours ago by ancient adolescents. It's called vandalism.	What is <u>this</u>
Fine?	Fine
Why's that?	I go up to this camp two months ago. Nobody there.  Empty for years
Sure, around here, any fat old bald guy could be king. I'm nothing. It wouldn't do any good for me to talk to the Congress.  Hey, you thirsty? You like orange whips?	I've never had orange whips, I'm from Akron
Yeah...Well, actually no...Sort of.	Man don't know if he's been to Mars or no
Still tagging conch?	We'll be done pretty soon...
Not there.  Under the mat.	Under the mat
No.	You don't huh? Well, you got any money
Do you really expect me to believe this is a straight stalker case?	I'm not a stalker! She's a friend of mine
Ow, you're hurting me!	Listen guy, you're embarassing me in front of my friends!  You know how I get mad when I get embarassed
Uh huh...	That's not the right soap.  We use the kind in the green and yellow box
Do you?	No
You saw him, didn't you, Dylan!?	Coming for you..
Then you better get ready to be the youngest never- was in Hollywood history.	That's better than being the oldest has-been in Hollywood history
You remember the '99 Chrysler LeBaron? It's the exact height of the front fender.  Looked right instead of left.	So you're not so smart after all.  I want you to know--if it ever came to it-- I'd be willing to get an ovum from the Egg Bank.  In fact, I'd <i>rather</i> use a donor egg--  --<i>if</i> it came to it
The <u>Firehouse</u>...	I..
That's your decision.	Look at me. I'm ice cold
Yes -- I had to pay the vet in full. He just wouldn't have treated the horse this time. After all, we can't very well do without a horse.	It's all right, Jabez. We'll find something to pay Stevens
How was the beach?	Fine
Charlie, boy, you better give me that money. C'mon now, give it to me. It's mine.	Okay, here...  Be a damn fool
Baker.	Right.  In there
It's a nice place you got here. Real comfortable. Sweet little town, Fair Oaks. You like it here?	Are you kidding me? What's to like
Paul, let me enlighten you about something. You and I exist on two opposite sides of a great existential divide, that being your pathetic virginity on the one hand and my astonishing number of sexual conquests on the other. I'm off to get laid. See you.	Flame on, asshole
-- We needed cohesion to move forward. Not conjecture.	...while Carruthers and a dozen others lie dying, you debate semantics. The Bureau's betrayed us...  The way they betrayed him..
You're so big!	Yeah, that's right
Don't be ridiculous.	We're going to kill him.  Do you understand that?  He's going to die just like the others
...You're saying that when he first appeared at your house, you had no idea he was Jewish....	None whatsoever. But I have to admit, I'm not terribly surprised
What are they doing in Los Feliz?	Madison lives two blocks from their present location
It acts as a drug on the body?	Object to the form
I think you'll find it normal enough.	Will I like it
I'm dealin' with what God put before me.	You believe He wants this? A woman chained to ya radiator
What else?	An artistry and sensitivity you've never shown before
They'll come for me right away if I'm not there.  I have to go.	Don't take anything
Gratinée, choucroute garnie, salade de pommes -- et un ballon de rouge.	Mrs. Lampert, I really hadn't planned on spending the entire night here
Never mind that!  Just take Jamie and get out of that house.  Don't tell anyone where you're going -- especially not him -- just GO.	Okay, you're having an emotional crisis.  You need to seek the help of a trained -
Jennifer gave her a make-over.	Looks like a helluva lot more than a make-over. Was there surgery involved
For what?	For work....
We were nationally  ranked.	How wonderful for you
Fine.	School
Pretty near. What do you know about the outfit we're going to?	C.O. is Colonel Blake. Lieutenant Colonel Henry Braymore Blake. One of them regular army clowns. Push you around so it's hard to get any decent work done
Not bad, not bad at all. Do you know something? I've always been curious about your line.	Line
They fired everyone.	Who fired everyone
Because you're nuts.	Right, right -- Isn't she fun to tease
I've got three different drafts of the same report -- with different numbers that're all over the place. Looks like they were just making it up as they went along.	Did a little check on the consulting firm that wrote the report. They did exactly one job -- Swayzak's manpower study. It's not even really a company. No employees, no directors, just a PO Box
Well, it ain't exactly a bed of roses down here. We gonna run or not?	We run. You crack the pattern
Detective Williams here. Is that you, Jeffrey?	Yes it's me!!! Frank is on his way up to Dorothy's apartment.  Oh no. Frank has a radio and is hearing everything we say!!  Detective Williams. Hurry. I'm in the apartment. Hurry. I'm hiding in the back bedroom
We've no time for tricks this day, Honeythorn Gump.	Tricks, is it?  Why I'll trick ye! Ungrateful whelp!  I'll sour your milk and bird droppings'll fall from the sky wherever ye walk
Sailor, you are somethin' else, honey... When I was fifteen, Mama told me that pretty soon I'd be startin' to think about sex, and I should talk to her before I did anything about it.	But honey, I thought you told me your Uncle Pooch raped you when you was thirteen
Did you pass out again, Grady? Did you fall somewhere?	No. I mean. Well, actually, yes. Sort of. I don't remember. Listen, Sara, I have to tell you something
The Good Witch...	Sailor... Lula loves you
Oh, I suppose you would've just let them take over.  These aren't fraternity pranks, John.  It's anarchy.  A revolution!	I don't know if I'd go that far, sir
Where did you go to school?	Harvard. The Harvard Business School
If you'd like to come with me we can rush you through the others.	The others
It's about a ball player, a rookie shortstop that's batting 347.  The poor kid was once mixed up in a hold- up.  But he's trying to go straight -- except there's a bunch of gamblers who won't let him.	So they tell the kid to throw the World Series, or else, huh
Were you planning on kissing me when you finished quoting?	I've been planning on kissin' you for a very long time
Why not?	If I can't do it all, I don't want to do anything. And I can't do it all
Not you mustn't touch. Your mama might not like you handling knives.	I think he wants to see your rabbit foot
One warranty card for Swedish-made penis enlarger pump, filled out by Austin Powers.	I don't even know what this is. This sort of thing ain't my bag, baby
Maybe you can help me. Actually, who I'm looking for is a friend of ours from Detroit. Clarence Worley? I heard he was in town. Might be travelling with a pretty girl named Alabama. Have you seen him? Are they stayin' here?	Naw, they ain't stayin' here. But, I know who you're talkin' about. They're stayin' at the Hollywood Holiday Inn
A long time ago I learned how to put fear away in a little place in my head. Maybe that's my problem. If you don't feel fear you can do some amazing things, but you can also screw your life up in ways you can't imagine.	I must be healthy, then, because I'm scared to death. I guess I'd better get back to Yorgi
What's the matter, Norma?	Nothing.  I just didn't realize what it would be like to come back to the old studio.  I had no idea how I'd missed it
I'm seeing your play tonight, remember?	Why do you need a radio
To be determined by the proper authorities.	You don't want to jeopardize that reduction, do you, Cole?  Have it taken away
Come on. It'll be fun. We'll just bug out. There should be a bunch of people. It'll be fun I promise.	Yeah
Take a drink!	Ok
I cut your new orders personally. By the end of the month, you'll have your first command: USS EXCELSIOR.	Thank you, sir. I've looked forward to this for a long time
And of course the Beck's, with the...	It could have been a squirt gun
Well, that's what we're doin', n' it.	No one else is even here yet
Let me drive you home.	Fuck you, Joel. Faggot
Don't ask.	I wasn't gonna -
Sure you can. Come on.	Don't tell me what to do! We're divorced -- I'm a free woman. You're not my husband and you're not my boss! And what's more, you're not going to be my boss
Then dance the next number with Kringelein.	Why
You just strike me as smart enough to be doing something else.	Yeah, I'm a real genius.  What choices have I got?  Fuck, just because I know about stuff like tonight doesn't mean I deal it.  I work a job.  It beats pumping gas, beats making hamburgers
This'll show you how smart I am. I got it parked.	...For three years?  Let's hope it wasn't a tow-away zone
All the more reason to watch him. He's had some wild notions lately.	Don't bother. Go to bed and get some sleep. I'll be working late.  I can hear any movement down here
Oh my! Oh my... Maybe you better come out now, Miss Starling.	Not yet! - just wait for me.  Maybe in about two seconds
That’s what he said. I tried to dissuade him... Told him I couldn’t take on another child, that he’d get into trouble... I mean, people who sell children... But he wasn’t listening... I guess he finally found himself a crusade... His family think he’s back on drugs, eh?  Huh... Leon did drugs. A lot of drugs. Went through his self-destruct phase, you know?  Things to come to terms with. Demons to fight... Some people’s minds are gloriously uncomplicated. Not Leon’s. He did beat the drug, though. He did.	His mother would be pleased to hear that
We talk different?	It's more like your attitude. Your tone, your speech patterns demonstrate a certain confidence in yourselves, in your opinions, your indifference to conventional views
You smell gas?	Don't smell nothin'.  He must not be dead in here
Intuition. It doesn't make you Yoda. Like tonight. You killed that guy tonight. But I knew you would.	So that was my part? Smile and shake my ass
Well, you see, I've acquired one of those new mother-in-laws, and we were afraid she wouldn't understand the whole idea. So we were going to wait till she went to Europe.	What do I care about your mother- in-law! You're still working for this paper, aren't you! Or are you
Now hold up just a minute. Let's be reasonable here.	You think whoever did this is reasonable
Marylin was friends with Howard and Amanda Doyle. They don't like the way you operate. They helped her.	He never ate the pre-nup, did he
And why not, Mr. Venkman?	Because you didn't say the magic word
You are.  You're losing your mind.  What about Walter?	I'm going to marry Walter.  I just have to get this out of my system
Must one always be after something?	Your tactics are useless. My name is neither Buljanoff, Iranoff, nor Kopalski
I don't know...	Come on. Pathos has it's perks
Once time's up, De-Miniaturization begins. In a matter of seconds the ship will grow big enough to become a danger to the System. Then White Corpuscles will swarm to destroy it, as they would any invader.	How long will it take to get from here to the Removal Point
How fast?	Twenty-four-five
Who's the old geezer?	Some judge..
What?	We got to get another pilot
I never got lost. For some reason, I'm more at home everywhere than at one place. So I decided I'll think of myself as some kind of world citizen. I belong everywhere and nowhere. I'm kin to everyone, and no one in particular. See, once you get into the habit of not needing anyone, it's kind of hard to break.	You must get lonely at times
God, you look like crap, George.	I want you to find someone for me
Have you identified it?	It's not that easy..we've never encountered anything like it before..you see normal human beings have 40 DNA memo groums..which is more than enough for any species to perpetuate itself..This one has 200,000
My brother has an answer to PMS. A-S-S: Abundant Sperm Syndrome. A man gets sperm build-up, and if his woman isn't givin' it to 'em, he's gotta get it elsewhere.	Yeah and when your woman says you're an ass, say yes, I have Abundant Sperm Syndrome
Yeah ... yeah, it looks different.	Yeah, a girl I know helped smarten it up.  Put her heart and soul into it
So they say.	Don't pick up and leave without saying goodbye
Damn.	You're pulling your hips out
Oh, I just love this song! Isn't it great? Doesn't it make you want to dance? C'mon!	Uh, well, that's okay - I don't dance, heh, heh..
Something like that.	You ever know a fella named Eladio Cruz
Ludwig?  He's gay - are you jealous?	If I was your boyfriend, I might be
"Dr. Venkman, we believe that the purpose of science is to serve mankind.  You, however, seem to regard science as some kind of ""dodge"" or ""hustle.""  Your theories are the worst kind of popular tripe, your methods are sloppy and your conclusions are highly questionable.  You're a poor scientist, Dr. Venkman, and you have no place in this department or in this University."	I see
Yeah. I mean a little, you know.	Yeah
Miss Henried, I think you better...	...Captain Rhodes is trying to..
No, they won't - honestly.	Oh -
I don't know. You- It's like you're- you're removed.	No, I'm fine
Show her a good time, but for God's sake restrain yourself.	Of course
What are you doing?	This little table is one heavy bitch
What do you want to do?	There is somebody..
We got to burn 'em.	Now hold on, you dumb..
...so, while it's a laugh riot for the whole family, and Tim Conway is just about as funny as they come, especially when he goes...	Wait a minute.  You watched the Apple fucking-Dumpling Gang?
What's that you say, Son?	I say -- it don't matter
Adrian, you gotta come back to Hell. Dad's sick.	He's sick
Are the glory boys actually showing interest in Investigation's work? I may have a stroke.	The glory boys just want to finish their report so they can go home
Are you open?	Yes
Get in, Auggie. I've got something to show you.	You don't give up, do you
Should I?	It would worry me
You're so full of shit.	You robbed the office
Harmless - how?	Well, I don't know how to put it - but I have this thing about girls
Jesus... I, Zorn... I have to call his family. Tell them...	I'm sorry, Ward
Operator, I'd like to make a collect call - 213-467-0972...	This is Tubbs. Sorry I can't answer the phone, I'm out square dancing. Leave a message-
Did you change your hair?	No
Right now, you're doing nothing?	I'm just talking on the phone to you and standing
I'm Mr Berlin.  Mr Ross is right here. And Mr Ross is maybe gonna take a few notes, if that's O.K.?  O.K. .. I'd like you to tell me in what ever way you want, what you can remember about the time you spent with Amber on the aft- ernoon she left? Take your time, and nothing's too trivial, O.K.	Well, I think I told you on the phone .. I went up to her room to say good-bye, and we just sat on the bed and chatted a while, while her friend was coming in and out collecting her things .
Yes.	"""Death and Taxes"""
Well?	Well what
Stephen, you gotta stop just showing up on the roof like this.	I just wanted to, I don't know, not exactly apologize for the other night -- especially since I don't remember much of it -
You mean <u>nothing</u> is worth fighting for?	Peace - the dignity of man - the destiny of the human spirit!  Show me a man who says you win <u>those</u> by fighting wars, and <u>I'll</u> show you an idiot
Really?	Now when I see him with Shelly, sometimes he seems like the old Harry
How would I know?	I don't know, didn't he call
I was asleep.	I didn't say what time the assault occurred
...you...	I'm struck by your phraseology.  I did not <u>last</u> with him.  I was privileged to enjoy his company during that time
Jack was only at that branch once when he took the box years ago.	They've still got to be able to sign his name
You're more than modest.	It's not modesty. I just don't try to kid myself
I could let them go for ten.	You professional men drive a hard bargain. I'm afraid I only have five on me. Sheila pulls out a 5 dollar bill
What is it?  What are you?	There's going to be a huge accident! Everyone's gonna die.  All of us!  I saw it
"""To seal the wound, he took a poker from the fire --"""	"""...a poker... he took a poker from the fire..."
Richie said he was coming after me tonight.	Do you believe everything that Richie tells you
But why do you call me 'Mr. Di Vita'? It didn't used to be that way...	Well, it's hard to call an important person by his first name. But if it really matters to you, I'11 call you...  Toto!..
You believe that?	I don't know. I really don't
I thought they weren't meeting him at the airport...	They insist they wanna go with meeting him at the airport.  I told'em they're wrong, I can't convince'em. They're concerned that the last kid had the <u>Wheat</u>. Variations include, the kid is a <u>boy</u>, the kid is <u>twins</u>, it's a little <u>dog</u> ... they rub meat on Schumann's cuff, the dog runs to him..
Good. So what do you think?	Whoever hits him'll be hit, if those men are any good. And I presume you can't get in
Can you lift the furnace.  I need money.	Where are you going
'Cause if you were asleep -- I'm sorry. And you could be grouchy.	Grouchy
No.  This really pissed him off, Sonny.  He says you're dead.  He says he doesn't have a son.	He's right.  You shoulda done what he did.  Go home.  Don't talk to the FBI anymore
What are you trying to do to me?	We want to help...
Have you ever seen any of your victims?	Do you know, I don't ever feel comfortable on these sort of things...Victims
Very appropriate.	Yes, that's why I brought it
Fine!	Fine
I don't want everyone to see.	Why won't you kiss me when we're all alone 
Yes--?	I want to know what he told you last night
Finger food...?	I don’t think so, thank you..
Gee, Uncle Lex, I don't think this guy's much of a dancer.	Let's try to keep your I.Q. a family secret, Leonard. Before we launch him against Superman, we have to test him ... see how well he does with mayhem and destruction. Kind of a coming out party under the glare of media covering the Metro Club gala. And once he proves himself, then . . 
I was gonna split it with you guys.	We do not take tips.  I'll apply this to the cost of the dress
Sorry. It's just so bad lately. You're so lucky you never get PMS.	I get a little bloated sometimes
You're tense, darling. You could use a long, slow screw.	Good day, Marquis
No woman would!	Look officers! Life doesn't have to be ugly.  See the little birdie? Listen to his call.  Peter Pan! Peter Pan! Peter Pan
Excuse me?	Oh. Mary Clarence, I'm so unworthy.  I want to take my final vows, I would do it tomorrow, but Reverend Mother won't let me
I heard enough.	What I'm trying to say is, I've loved you since I was eleven and the shit won't go away
In time for what?	What
That's the first time I've seen the lawyer side of you, Tom.  It's not your best side.	Okay, just hear me out.  What if Carlo had been paid to help get Sonny killed?  What if his beating of Connie that time was a deliberate plot to get Sonny out into the open? Then what?  And what if the Don, a great man, couldn't bring himself to do what he had to do, avenge his son's death by killing his daughter's husband?  What if that, finally, was too much for him, and he made Michael his successor, knowing that Michael would take that load off his shoulders, would take that guilt
Why can't things stay the way they are...everything has to change.  What we had was perfect.	I don't know.  Here, lay down and get some rest.  We're going to need it
We have recent intelligence that a Soviet nuclear submarine has docked at Cienfuegos.	Well, we'll lodge a formal protest
Tell me!	All right, this one time I'll let you ask about my affairs, one last time
[What do you mean?]	[Her life for your life.
I care.  Don't you know what Caen's famous for, Sarge?	Frogs
Maybe this is a big fucking waste of time.	What happened to Charles Gish
What hath God wrought?	That was the telephone
You own this place?	Yep
I heard he's wearing women's underwear--and he's breathing through his pingala nostril.	I'm getting too old for this game
I was thankin' you, asshole!	Kiss my ass
There's so much I want to say to her, it's all jumbled up in my mind, and I don't want her to misunderstand --	Well, you'll just have to <u>make</u> her understand
I'm going to the dance.	What for
Delay Mr Greenwell's departure until the disks have been located and you have notified me. Then, have one of your officers drive him home - I'll see to the rest.	Very well
What's this?	That is for the urn
Goddamn it, Sean, you listen to me or I will kick your ass, do you hear me?	Listen to Andy, Sean
Could you do me a favour?	Yeah, I'll do you a favour
It's not going to be very comfortable.	I'll be fine
The gun! ... I lost it	You're sure
What?	I'm Officer Burke.  I'm looking for an Isabella Cruz
No!  Tis not the time!  I want no part of your frolic.	Dance, Jack!  The night's but begun
Take a look at my employment record, you got my employment record there, right?  You see any unemployment there, any welfare? I'm a taxpayer.  They eat me alive, the tax people, they got taxes on everything, taxes, taxes, taxes, and forms!  Taxes and forms so I can pay your goddamn salary, so you can sit there and write stuff, guys like me pay your wages...	Mister LaPlante..
Of course I do -- but it'd be better for you -- and the house is kind of small --	If you're worried about Mary and me talkin' too much, don't. No matter how many questions your old man asks. We know how to keep our mouths shut
Beth Shalom? What are you talking about? Who is this...?	Lina, you said if I was going to plant a bomb, I should -
Oh, him. He has a cat of his own. But his assistant--he's the cat-hatenest man I ever saw. Goofy, if ya ast me.]	By the way--did you hear a shot last night
You fuck for money.	There's blood on your shirt.  Is that an integral part of your job
I need to get this letter to someone.	I can't take you out of here in your condition..
He can help you.	I wish I'd never met him, I'd like him to be dead... I want my friends back
What?  What did he say?	Nothing. Hold please
Well, nobody can say we didn't try.	Okay, here's what I think.  We find out what all the subway stops for that train are-- the subway system's really not that big in Rome, we could narrow it down and-
Because <u>that's how people treat each other</u>!	Not in my world
No.	Then tell me. Where are your sheets
A God damn radiator hose in a sixty- four-and-a-half Mustang.  You know how long it took me to find that hose?	About an hour and a half, because that's all the longer I've been gone
Will they really teach me to shoot?	Oh, sure. A variety of weapons
You remind me of my daddy, you know? Mama told me he liked skinny women whose breasts were just a bit too big for their bodies. He had a long nose, too, like theirs. Did I ever tell you how he died?	In a fire, as I recall
Now how'm I supposed to do that when I'm not in here most mornings and nights?	You're clever.  I'm sure you'll think of something
Well, that-that's good.  It just, uh...it just seems to me that-that six months or a year, if-if you spent it more productively...	Well-well, like what
Yes, I know.	Come on inna dining room
White's a mindless thug.	No, Edmund.  He's a man who can answer yes to those questions I ask you from time to time
Bowling was the most incorruptible sport. No megalomillionaires, no	gambling. And it was a safe place for kids, a place where the whole community could meet for some wholesome, clean fun
Well, sir, you are proving to be one of my more interesting guests.	Your guests, ma'am
Yeah, yeah it is, Howard. And here I was thinking I could tell you something you didn't know.	It's a good quote, Mary. I'm glad we both know it
Get out.  You think I'm running you up?  Get out.	You can't -
Here, you want some?	No, no, I-I-i, uh, I don't use any major hallucinogenics because I took a puff like five years ago at a party an
No!	Lena
A what...?	A spirit.  Perhaps evil...   ...and he has come to you- with Diedre gone - you've... inherited him
Realized what?	Henry Finch.  That they monitor everything.  That it was only a matter of time.  And now four people are dead
No. I'm gonna wait.	Ronny, please..
Your life.	How
Yeah, I remember. You said that before.	Sir Henry Derwent was knighted, and he never got beyond the mesozoic era
"Well, then, what's the hurry? Is it true the rights to ""Doctor Zhivago"" are in arbitration?"	I wanna be able to announce this deal at Cannes. If I had time for a courtship, Lee, I would. I'd take ya out, I'd hold your hand, I'd kiss you on the cheek at the door. But, I'm not in that position. I need to know if we're in bed together, or not. If you want my movie, Lee, you're just gonna have to come to terms with your Fear and Desire
What?	"""I actually feel good about myself?"
Oh, so now you know him?	You never asked me if I did or not
They what? What? No. No. Why?	The Deputy Director, this prick Locke, he smashed the whole thing, we're done, they won't tell me why..
Adrian.	Laurie!  Good to see you
Wait a minute.  When is it going to be? I'm leaving town tonight.	Where are you going
They'll trample him to death!	No. He will master the leader
He's not even there.  You don't see him, you don't hear him, you're just too much of a woman to bother with little boys.	This is a joke, right
You already know the answer to that. I want this town to be safe and happy again --	I'm no detective. I don't even know how to begin. All I know is I want to do something about all this
I tried him, he can't go.  His son is being Bar Mitzvohed tomorrow... I'll go, boss.	I thought it was Spanish that you spoke
That was just so... awful!	Awful
Mrs. West is a very emotional woman.	I don't know her.. or particularly want to
Don't we already have someone to do that for us?	Yeah. You
Yeah but the ship's mainframe doesn't. I need you to tell it something.	Alteration of my central processing unit should be done only by an authorized service dealer
They go together.	I've heard a name.  Someone they talk about in whispers
I can’t think of a good reason for it - for now anyway. My number if anything happens. What’s your sister’s number?	Oh, I... She just moved. I’ve got her new... It’s in my book in the kitchen. Wait... Thank you
Try holding the match like this.	This is gotta be a game, right
Are you sure he's dead?	I didn't stop to take his pulse
Well this is your business, Benjamin.  If you --	No wait. Wait
What am I supposed to do after I get my nails and hair done...?	Reality TV and stay by the phone. That's what all wives-in-crime do..
Do you have it in you, Lee?  Or are you gonna spend the rest of your life hiding like your father?	C'mon, Lee.  He's going to jail.  You won, now just put the gun down
Captain Camembert! Captain Camembert!	Excuse me, Sergeant
How you feelin', Doc?	Rather an obvious question under The circumstances, don't you Agree?  A better one might be how Do you feel
Oh, yes. Very attractive. Is she -- the lucky one?	No, you don't understand. She's a busybody -- always poking her nose into things -- and with that key passing back and forth -- why take chances
It's already been a hell of a night. Where you been?	I had a fight up at Sportsman's
That room!	What?
I You wasted eight fucking aprons on that guy. :	I remember feeling bad about the guy. But I remember feeling that maybe Tuddy was right.  I knew Paulie didn't want anybody dying in the building
Congratulations.  Who's the lucky girl?	I am
What the hell you thinking, girl? Strolling in here this late?	Don't talk to me, Mr. Sawyer. Don't say nothing to me this morning
"""Superintendent J. Mckechnie, Vancouver Police Department. Vancouver B.c. Replaying To Your E.P. teletype classification No. 2684 incomplete.  We advise identification possible.  Elizabeth Kinsolving, arrested Greenwater, North Carolina, January 8, 1948, on a charge of murder.  Signed, FBI., Washington, D.C. H. Cleary, Inspector in charge.""  Have ye any comment, Killaine?"	Identification on possible, Sir. Not conclusive
Open a channel.	This is Commander Donatra of the Valdore. We're dispatching shuttles with medical personnel and supplies
Yes, I'm with the Underhills.	They just left, sir
I take it your son is called Leon?	Leonard. What my daughter is on about, Mr Lombard, is that Leonard is somewhat of a Bohemian. You might as well know that..
Six o'clock!  Marking, marking!	Spotted you, Chief.  Pri One is to slip you some air, so we're coming down with a tank -- just something until the A-team shows.  Over
Why?	You're my best friend, man. I'd do anything for you
You mean --	You were right, Ellie.  You were right all along
Little high.	C'mon big 'un, you're okay..
I'm sorry, I shouldn't have surprised you.	No, it's good to see you
Great idea, Maxie!  Those Japanese could <u>run</u> it for us.  Build them a dormitory in the woods.  Listen, think right about it, will you? We've almost got the house ready, you bring Sarah with you and I'll show you.	Yeah yeah, we'll think on it. 'Bye ya, Charles.  You relax up there, ya hear
I don't know... And what the hell was that sound she made right before she hit the coffee table.	Well, if I had to guess...  I'd say that was the sound of a mother saying good-bye to her little boy and hello to a young man who's going to be a daddy of his own...  Jack, do you know what I see here
Hey, man...!	You reach anybody yet
Who are you?	I'll give you a chance to find out. Meet me in the bar at the Brevoort -- and do it right away
"""Of love?"""	"""Out of her favour where I am in love."
The bottom line is, I'm not going to use my philanthropy as some form of currency... especially after what I did.  I lied to this poor girl. Lied, man. She deserved better.	Hey, love will make you do fucked-up things
... love ...	Fear ..
What time is it?	Eleven a.m. They're gone
Ten.	What makes Sammy run
You understand that a week from now people are going to vote on whether or not what we've been doing down here has been some noble-minded enterprise or a chance to change the way this country fights crime.	I understand.  Sir
What do you drink? Bourbon?	Look -- I drove you home. I was glad to do it. But I have some things on my mind. Can you understand that
No he's not.  Not if he overdosed on the drug.  Massive amounts trigger a... a change.  Your body functions seize up, you appear to be dead, but it's really a state of incubation.  When you emerge you're...	Tell me about it..
But... I thought...	If what I've heard is true this could be the last time for a long long time. Besides we've got a whole seven minutes before the next one. Clock's ticking. Tick-tock..
I saw a MiG do a 4 G negative dive.	Where did you see that
Leon! What in heaven's name...!	Huh
What does this mean?  Now we got the FBI, my team is expendable? I'm working my ass off, is anybody listening?  Why Ruben, anyway?  He and Nikko don't even get on together...	Teach both of them a lesson in cooperation and self-discipline
Yes? I'm trying.	Oh that's great
"Not, ""Eternity Forever""?  The legendary unproduced script that was too good ever to get made?  I'd kill for that part."	I was hoping you'd say that
I really don't mean to be discourteous.  But how is it a person could come to believe that a crocodile is in New England?	They have saltwater glands, they can swim across oceans, it's only a matter of time
He said that... he's making a treaty with the Duke of Burgundy and...	It's a trap!  They're buying time till they can bring over more soldiers from England
What? What am I supposed to sense?	The house - Tommi - something just doesn't jive here..
You're gonna be in the street with the rest of your homeboys.	'Bout time, Pop
Do you realize what a thread we're all hanging by?	Mickey, you're off the hook.  You should be celebrating
I'm sorry, I think I'm checked in here, but I've misplaced my key.	Hi, Leonard
Where'd you get this?	I found it outside
This afternoon - at four o'clock.	I don't think we've got any suitcases
What time?	Almost four
He agreed it wasn't exactly news--	Danny's gonna be out for blood the next time
Why did he come out here? What's going on?	Beats me. He just asked me to come along, double-check the forensics.  What did you do to piss him off
They run me off. They burned me out. They made it so I couldn't do. Just like Georgia. If you won't sell, they take it anyway.	Who
You're right, madame, it will all be over by Thursday.	It is unfortunate that you have so few more days in Paris.  Be sure and redouble your efforts so that madame can take some pleasant memories when she returns to Moscow.  Good night.  Good night, Leon
You are the young man who M. de Seebach recommended?	Yes, sir.  Here is my letter
That's three.	And that's one
Chill out, dickwad.	That's great!  See, you're getting it
Should I kill him now?	Wait. Any last words, General Lee
Wish I'd fuckin' cut you up good.	You heard from Reggie
Hi. Is dinner ready? I'm famished.	Let's sit down. They walk to the table. LOIS calls out to the balcony
Did you think Gray was the only one who could handle a mattock and shovel?  I've had some practice in the art.	You couldn't do that, Doctor
C'mon let's...	No! Just harassment. Can't let it stop this.  Brother we got momentum
Fuck you, Mr. Kane.	I will not have this in my home
Bill, I got some legal problems and I...	THAT'S IT!  YOU TALKED!  YOU'RE FIRED!  OUTTA HERE!  GET OUTTA HERE
BREAKING OUT	BREAKING OU
Dolores, wait!	Ed, it's over.  I need a normal life
Oh, that—	What did you mean by that
Who are these people?	They are all friends of mine -- from over the mountain.  Welcome! Help yourselves to drinks! Glad you could come! Have a good time
...member of the group, was left behind what were, then, Enemy Lines.	"ON LIZ, AS SHE WALKS THROUGH THE H.Q., ON A BOARD WE SEE ""DAYS TILL ELECTION 6"" AND % IN FAVOR 82%.  A HUGE TV SHOWS THE PRESIDENT"
Well, it's true.  Just pay me what you owe me and I'm gone.	Vivian..
A healthy young woman goes into the hospital to deliver her third child, she's given the wrong anesthetic...	...we, we love her, Dick and me..
Don't!	Stop paddling
Peggy Sue, watch your mouth.	Mr. Fitzsimmons is a very prominent man
Why d'you wanna leave all this?	You kidding? I don't wanna leave all this, I just wanna leave Marty..
I see. And you are in California for what reason?	To make pictures
Is she?	Of course ... Look, if she was a Liverpool scrubber ...  Eh, fella, you want to try pulling the other one, it's got a full set of bells hanging off it ... Y'what? ... I know your sort, two cokes and a packet of cheese and onion crisps and suddenly it's love and we're stopping in an empty shop doorway. You're just after me body and y'can't have it ... so there!
I suppose you want to know where I'm going to kill tonight, Peter?	You're not going to tell me that
I'm not going to have my guests insulted, just because you think -  - if people want to bring a drink or two along on a picnic, that's their business.  You've got no right -	I've got more than a right as far as you're concerned, Susan
No, no, no, no, no.  Keep goin'.	Okay
I'm... I'm alright.	How was your date
I am a man of peace.	Am I to take it you want to live
...free!	Oh!  Oh!  Ohhh
And what about for you?	Huh
Strong am I with the Force... but not that strong! Twilight is upon me and soon night must fall. That is the way of things... the way of the Force.	But I need your help. I've come back to complete the training
Things got ya down?	Real down
I don't freak out very often.	What do you mean
Yeah. She seems to be getting more comfortable on the ranch, which is why I said yes to this move. But, whenever it's just the two of us, I don't know... Anyway... what's happening with the Delco lawsuit?	Taking forever. I just got an additional list of sixty-two employees to interview before Monday. I don't know how I'm going to do it
Okay. I understand you're interested in one of our properties?	Yeah. That warehouse over on Merchant Street. The volume on our import business has risen dramatically. The proceeds this quarter will be supernumerary due to the -
You mean somebody asked?	Only the right people can have you, Curly
I'm not sure I can.	It'll be fun, come on
You deserted me.	You're a grown man.  I'm not responsible for you
We'll need pictures of the inside too.	Alright, alright. I know... I wanted to be the photographer
Finally.	How's your patient
You're late.	I was informed just as Laszlo was about to leave the hotel, so I knew I'd be on time
Come on. One more time.	Not again, fellas. It kind of hurts
Jeffrey, when you see your father.	Yeah
Jade, I don't want you coming in here no mo'.	Stop tripping
Yes?	I told you not to hang up on me
The whole system is shutting down! We have to get out quickly before the fire doors fall!	What doors
What happened?	They run me off. They burned me out. They made it so I couldn't do. Just like Georgia. If you won't sell, they take it anyway
So why won't you make love with me? Why wouldn't you, I mean?	Ann. Are you asking me hypothetically, or are you asking me for real, right now
I'm fine.  You mean the board?  You mean the board...?	I don't...yes.  Okay, the board
Nothing. Tom, I thought you were going out with me tonight.	Oh, I did have a date with you tonight, didn't I
You know that accident up there?	Yeah
Leave me alone!	Here we go
It's you.	It's me
Oh, sure. A variety of weapons.	And to use the bayonet? PACHOIE
Not yet.	Who's the other one
What do you mean, too bad?	Huh? Oh, that you'll never be able to play again
I SHOULD have been -	Not for the actions of another. No one is responsible for any actions but his own. Human beings 
Don't you want to walk, Tom?	No
What are you doing here?	Screamin
Saks.  If he knew you did that! They're all asking me, 'what is she doing,' as it is.	Give me Ruben back..
I haven't decided.	Well, don't over-do it.  I don't want people saying, 'There goes that famous actor with the big, fat girlfriend.
Not really. You're not my client. Freedom of association. Big issue with the First Amendment fans. Want to go to Hawaii for the weekend?	Have you ever been married, Miles
Oh no, we wouldn't be from the same bloodlines or anything. We'd be like two total strangers who...accidentally had relatives that got married.	Good. I mean..
Let's wait on the power cells.	Wait for what? Until it's so dark we can't even find our way back to -
That stuff'll put you away if you're not careful.	There was a Count.  Count Dusan.  He would invite the local peasants to his chateau, fill them full of wine, then slice their bellies so he could reuse it.  The symmetry of that somehow always appealed to me
F-I-N-K. Fink, Barton. That must be you, huh?	Must be
Come one Will. I just want to know.	I'm trying to explain it to you. So you play the piano. When you look at the keys, you see music, you see Mozart
The 'question' --	Yes, Bill.  The question
I told you -- I quit.	It won't last
And she has...?	Video
What is that?	Oh... uh... It's just this elastic thing I have to wear for lumbar support..
Hi Dad.	Hey, big puffy version of Junebug. Where have you been
Do you remember the night I fell into that cave and the bat chased me?	Your parents' wake. Rain fell like tears
Come on, kid, let's see if there's any food in the house.	Hah
So, it is true, Dr. Jones? You found Nurhachi?	Sure, I found him. Then last night I had a little trouble. Somebody tried to slit my throat
Why the hell not?	I don't know.  I'm just not
Thank you very much, Deputy Minister.	Thank you, David ... and a very merry Christmas to you all
Mr. Reuben, I swear to God, they were out of line.	Last time, maybe, with the Puerto Ricans, but these were nice Jewish boys
What idiot would lend him money? It would disappear.	He said if we lent him money h would tell us about a secret beach
She's changed.	Oh, yes
Whatta you mean, forget it?	Stop beatin', man. You ain't doin' nobody no good
I beg your pardon --	It's your people who are leaking to the Times.  Wasn't this Ellsberg a student of yours at Harvard?  He was your idea; why are you suddenly running for cover
No.	Liar
Fuck that redneck noise, dude. All dem chicks be rappin' how dey losin' der' ho's and how dey ain't got no bread for beer. Fuck dat honky shit. Got to get me some motown jams, dig it?	Whaddaya talking shit for man. Hey Junior! Y'ever smoke any shit
I just can't look at you.	Don't, then
You knew her, didn't you?	Gus and I talked to her at Tramell's house.  All we did was write her name down
Yeah?	Give this to Joey, will you
I look pretty.	Well, yeah, you always look pretty, but that guy with you..
You can stay at my place, I'll drop you there.	Where... where you going
Well, you're not supposed to kiss your mother on the mouth.	Well, that's what I mean
Dude here.	Who is this
They have repressed the Creator.	The information will not be disclosed
There probably wasn't anything wrong with his suit...	Still...you did the right thing
Two time academy award nominee, Martin Weir.	"Martin Weir. He played the mob guy that turned snitch in ""The Cyclone"""
Except for the hair color, she looks just like Suzanne?	Well, that's who she is. Cept she can't run away
Obviously.  One ticket of passage to South America -- one letter, stamped but unsealed, addressed to you --	A letter? May I see it
See, right now he doesn't know that I know, that's why he put the paper in the case.  He wants me to hand the case to Gino.  Then there is no doubt it was me.  Gino will put a bullet in me himself.  But it ain't going to happen.  I won't let it! Johnnie ain't going to fuck me!  Not like this!  No way!	This is insane
Certainly!	They're all right, aren't they
You stop growing that loco weed at your place, you'd see a lot more daylight.	It was for personal consumption
So how come you don't have any kids?	Darryl, that's my husband, he says he's not ready.  He's still too much of a kid himself.  He prides himself on being infantile
Ever since that phony phone call from the President.  Look at this. What is it?	It's your hand, Buckaroo
I don't appreciate your ruse, ma'am.	I beg your pardon
They have less power over you if you look into my eyes.	Huh
What else makes you feel regret?	That I did it again
Of course, yes.  After the <u>expected</u> filing period is over, I'm going to recommend to the board that we accept your bid.	You're making the right decision, sir
Looks like you know a song.	Don't know where I learn't it, but... it's there in my head
Do you know what he's on probation for?	Haven't a clue
I was visiting an old college friend.	You didn't tell anyone where you were
What are you doing... ?	Seeing if you wanted to go for a ride
One jacket - blue pinstripe.	Prison custody
Let's have sex.  I thought you were curious.	Not about that
Let's get out of here.	Somehow, you're better. Different. You're getting ready to go. And I say..
Mary again.	Look, I admit it was brief, but it was definitely love. Crushes don't last twelve years
Uh, dad, you know I'm 16.	All the more reason for this little heart to heart... great
Elaine, I'm sorry about that little outburst a moment ago.	That's okay, ROK
Piss off.	You have such a great personality, Michael.   You should open your own charm school
Juno! God, you startled me. What are you doing here? What's wrong?	Nothing..
Van Ripper.  Can you show where the body lay?	I can show exactly
Charlotte?! How's Tokyo?	It's cool... but,I don't know... I went to a shrine today and all these little monk's were chanting... and, I didn't feel anything... I even tried ikebana, ...   and John's using hair products... I don't know who I—
Now I remember why I haven't gone anywhere in months. I'm not even in the same universe as those creatures back there. I might as well be from another planet.	We just need to figure out a place where you can meet somebody who isn't a total idiot, that's all
... and you get nano—death.  Don't worry, I've got a bunch of other ones.	Amazing. I hate to say it, but it is
Well, you'll find out next year.	No way, mon. When I graduate U.S. history I ain't even coming over to your side of the building
So tell them the truth. What do you use it for?	I was just going to use it to see how much I had
That's really what I came here for. See what you guys recommend.	Well, I'm sure my colleagues will agree there are a number of dependable measures for extinguishing the vital forces
Nineteen!  My dear young man... once the human organism has ceased to function, nature has deemed that creature to be dead.	But look at what's been done with hearts and kidneys
Kill someone.  I can't do it.	Is it so bad?  It would be quick. He wouldn't even have to feel it
Man overboard!	Boy overboard
I took a loan on my car and my computer.	You whaaaaaat?  You paid it?  You gave a bondsman ten percent
I'm not sure...  Maybe it simply exists in the search for it.  Maybe its something we have to make for ourselves.	Meaning..
Nothing, I just hugged her back.	You think she was serious
I...?	Some, you were, you were going to make a reservation for us?  Where's my schedule? Where are we <u>booked</u> tonight
Why did you hate me?	What
I'll do okay.	Ya gotta have a guy help ya exercise, mebbe somebody to be standin' by with a towel or run errands, y'know
What brings you inside?	Cleaning up a mess
You actually performed surgery...?	It was an experience. Metal scalpels... needle and thread..
Yes. I know.	Good
Want a bite?	No thanks
Do you have something against science?	Not if it works
She's a waitress at Joey B's but she needs some extra cash.  Ward's the pimp.	I'm literally going to kill you
Jerome Lundegaard?	Yah
It's not so bad here. After all, what girl doesn't want to live in a castle?	Mr. Welles certainly is a cautio
Hey... big boys don't cry, remember?	Hi, lady
I like your bar.	Yes
Are you okay?	Peachy! Why shouldn't I be? The world's my oyster, except for the fact that I just rammed a wooden stake in my brother's heart because he turned into a vampire, even though I don't believe in vampires. Aside from that unfortunate business, everything's hunky-dory
Let me come, too.  Please don't leave me alone.	What's gonna happen
The tip is, anyhow. I like to work on your hair.	Thank you
No?	She told them you wanted her things and that she wasn't surprised police looked for you! Can you believe it?
Yeah, 'cause I-I'm, you know, I'm, I'm obsessed with-with, uh, with death, I think. Big-	Yeah
That's nice.	I'm sorry, Tommy
You're not just jealous, are you?  I mean, we both used to talk about her	That was just talk!  Fantasy talk! What are you, nuts?  We talk about girls all the time, but it doesn't mean anything. I would never. . . I mean, I take very seriously our strict moral code.  The line you've crossed is... it's illegal and it's immoral
Of course.	Just call and let me know that your okay
I loved her for how good she made me feel, and I hated her for how good she made me feel. And at that time, I tended to express my feelings non- verbally. I couldn't handle anyone having that much control over my emotions.	And now you can
Doesn't speak a word of English. And he won't speak Japanese either. No papers.  The Japanese embassy is very interested.	Why
Barnett, John Triplette. How's she doing?	She's fine
Larry...	Marty, what are you doing here
Some plain soda.  Lloyd must be expecting a record run in New Haven...	That's for tonight. You're invited. We're having everyone up after the performance
Oh, good.	We can go together
Yeah.	She's grown up some, hasn't she
Am I one... or many?	The librarian... or the library...
He's on to us!	Shit! What are we gonna do
Be that as it may. U is for Unconditional Election. God has chosen a certain number of people to be saved, The Elect, and He has chosen them from the beginning of time. L is for Limited Atonement. Only a limited number will be atoned, will go to Heaven.	Fuck
What? I called Bojo, like you say. Called up the fellas in the band...	The fuck are all these people doin' here? Been drinkin' in this shit hole for years ain't seen this many people since I don't know..
She's like a different person. Being so sick made a big impression on her. I really think she's learned a lesson.	Um-hmm.  Come with me, Brother. I want to show you something
All you have to remember is, first find the common denominator -- then subtract.	Thanks, Mr. Carpenter
You -- I don't know.	) If you could have seen your face when I told you good night! You looked so, so... Ah
Are you a fan of Henry James?	This is Henry James film
I know I'm going to get rapped in the mouth for saying this, but so what?	No, you're going to get kissed
They use' to be a sayin': A chile born outa sorrow'll be a happy chile. An' another: Born outa too much joy'll be a doleful boy. That's the way I always heard it.	You don't ever get scairt, do you, Ma
Not really.  No.  Kinda.  He got busted?	His parents took his car.  They're making him ride a bicycle the rest of the summer
I think I might have.	And what do you think you might have said
Come in, Sheriff.	Jabez -- seems  like I've been hearing talk around. Reverend Harper thinks more Cross Corners folk oughter be in church, Sabbath morning
Already.	Greed.  It was written in blood
Maybe we should say somethin'.	Come on. Booth grabs the bag -
Ah. Italian?	Forgive me. We all have patriotic feelings of some kind
What...happened?	Quake knocked you off your feet.  You got bumped pretty good, actually
He only wants you to throw the stick for him, Jabez. I guess he's feeling the spring a-coming, too.	All right -- only he needn't dirty my pants
It gets worse.	No worse than it gets for me.  I'm in love with a woman whom I don't want to leave
You're telling me you had the chance to fuck her and you didn't. God are you a chump.	A momentary lapse of judgment, soon to be rectified
Make yourself at home, Mister McMurphy...	Thank you, ma'am
My mother...?  I never knew my real MOTHER - I was adopted	Tell me about your adopted MOTHE
Oh you did. What did you hear?	I don't know, I just thought
Ah, hello. My name is Kenneth Fraser... And I'm here from Terre Haute, Indiana. Ah, listen ... somebody stole my handles.	We don't mess with accessories
Fuck 'em, they set off the alarm, they deserve what they got.	You almost killed me, asshole! If I had any idea what type of guy you were, I never would've agreed to work with you
No.  That's absolutely right.	And so they kill the goose.  I, I, I'll...and a fuckin' man, worked all his life has got to..
If at first it's not what you want, just work that much harder, Peerless.	Mommy, please don't call me that
Will you leave me alone...?	You tagging them...
Nigger.	That's my girl
Thank you.	Go start picking up the pieces.  We'll shuffle some paper and try to get you a new partner
Sorry man...	S'alright. I'm sorry too. Shit, I gotta take a leak... Pull over at that gas station
To fall in love with you -- that was the idiotic thing.	It sure would have made attractive headlines: Great Star Kills Her- self for Unknown Writer
You broke your arm.  You were coming out of a bar.  You were drunk.	At least I was on our side!  Look, they want me to testify?  I'll testify.  I'll tell 'em anything they want to hear!  Jesus, Leo, this is my career
Come to 45 Broadway.  Don't bring the Police.  Come alone or you'll be in my next film.	Look asshole.  I've been threatened by better than you
I understand.	May I ask you something
Is this your homework, Larry?	Look, man, did you-
I got a call from him today. Funny. He dropped out of sight during the war, and I'd heard he'd gone East. I guess he's back.  It's a Mission number.	That's Skid Row... isn't it
No, it's my fault, I thought this would all be over by now.  I just wanted to sort of apologize for the kissing thing.  I seriously don't know what got in to me.  I just wanted to make sure you were fine about it.	Absolutely fine about it
Joey ... ?	Help me pick 'em up, Terri.  I think the lady just made a sale
I was dead.	I was dead, too
Who...	Ross
That's it?  Good...I thought you'd break out the champagne....	I'm pleased.  I really am.  Really...
There's still time to undo this.	We'll be fine
"""This is Gale Gayley for Channel Four News!""  Incredible. Unbelievable!  For Bernie LaPlante! He's a celebrity now?  'Cause he stole <u>paint</u>?"	We couldn't find his name on the buzzer or on the mailbox, but..
I guess...some of them are probably faking.	God, sometimes I think it would be so nice not to have to stretch ground beef or maybe drive a car with a CD player..
You, maybe you're the company's biggest moron. We can't use Morris, he's been with us too long, he's a nice guy, too many friends. Matter of fact, why don't you fire him. No -- scratch that; I'll fire him.  ...Make it fast, make it fast.	You -
I'm gonna go now.	Wendy..
I gave you?	I'm leaving it here.  Come get it and keep moving
What makes him so special?	None of your business
I'm not your baby, Young, I'm not your mother either. You're going to a cardiac arrest, Avenue C and Ninth, northeast corner. It's a club. Take the side entrance.	Ten-four, hon.  This is for you
Naw, he picked up some jane in the bar.  Can't see him till morning anyway.	All right, then
Now is that clear?	Yes sir
Why do you do that?	What
I don't understand.	That's what they are.  Three business...I wait till Monday, my time limit runs out
Mami, how old were you when my father--	He was killed
Do you work for the San Francisco Police Department, or do you have any other affiliation with any law enforcement agency?	No
I thought you'd be off on tour, playing London, Paris, New York?	Not this week
Now we're working out a schedule of the outfits we're going to play this year. We all chip into a pool and make bets.	Must be fun. But the point we want to make about Henry..
Do you think you could do something, Sidney?	That's what I'm thinking, Rita. Maybe..
Stop it.	I'll tell you what.  I'll stay if Tom knows how to spell Gaddafi
A real live pimp?	Uh-huh
Go to sleep, Spock.	Yes, Captain
I noticed.	Do you see a toilet here you think is really me
Well, well, when can we meet again. I'd like to get a deposition..	Okay.  I'll meet you here.  Tuesday night ... I gotta go.  You going my way
The whole world thinks you're underground.	I am underground
Look, that shit ain't mine.	It isn't enough for Trafficking, but how 'bout Posession with the Intent to Distribute
Your hair's a little funny.	It's an ethnic curl, I can't do anything about it
Your timing, and your shoes, are impeccable...  Good to see you, Alex, been having a lousy day.	Lousy day?  The man's getting out of prison and he's having a lousy day.  What, you missing out on the Cell Block Water Ballet pageant?  Believe me, it's overrated
The mountain must be so peaceful... I envy you.  My work keeps me so busy, I hardly get any rest.	I left the training early
However, it's within my power to grant You a reprieve.  That is why I summoned you here tonight.  Tell me who and what you really are and where you come from, and no veterinary will touch you.	I told the truth at that 'hearing'of yours
I'll tell you what. You want to work. I'll give you a job. Nothing permanent, mind you, but that upstairs room over there  -- the one above the office -- is a hell of a mess. It looks like they've been throwing junk in there for twenty years, and it's time it got cleaned up.	What's your offer
You're American.  I thought so. From your teeth -- the dental work --	<u>Where am I</u>
Movies?	Yes, I photograph very well. Look -
Mahogany. I'd say that cost at least a couple hundred. Maybe three.	Three? We should hock it. Buy a C.D. rack for the bedroom
"Yeah, I read your book. ""Mike"" had the same problems as ""Chad"" the stockbroker."	Yes. The pressures you feel, and again, I am neither labeling nor judging them, are keeping you from fulfilling your potential -- you're in a rut. So stop the Tom Foolery -- the Shenanigan's, Will
Perfect fit.	Should be.  It's yours
Is that Cristaile?	Hm
We've also been informed that the Grand Jury is going to call for an investigation into your affairs.	Why
I don't understand?	You couldn't
This is Miss Marsh.	Yes--I met Miss Marsh. In fact, she always seems to be turning up in the most unusual circumstances.  What's the matter, Miss Marsh--aren't you feeling well
I see.  And this...computer, thinks it can win by killing the mother of its enemy, kill- ing him, in effect, before he is even conceived?  A sort of retroactive abortion?	Yes
&quot;And a picture of the cow jumping over the moon...&quot;	That's nice Ben
What am I?  The fall guy?	I hope you won't let this news spoil your dinner.  Nice food, isn't it
That was lovely.	Will you do me a big favor
It's impossible for you to catch up on the loan now...the interest is going up...$3,000...do you realize that, flash?	I'm sorry Charlie...I didn't mean it
What are you doing?	Skipping stones.  Look how flat that water is, you can get ten skips on a good one
Oh, am I glad to see you.	Say, where's Mother
Who are they?	They're the Scoleri Brothers.  I tried them for murder.  They were electrocuted up at Ossining in '48.  Now they want to kill me
And I don't want any more food with sedatives in it.  I know what you're up to.  Don't think I don't.  And if anyone tries to get in here -- I've got rope.  I'll hang myself before it gets to me.	You promise
It's a common medical expression, it's a crash program to restore the heartbeat. Dr. Marx cut an airway in her trachea, to get her oxygen, her and the baby... Ms. Nevins...	Why wasn't she getting oxygen...
You know, Courtney, you should take some more lithium. Or have a Diet Coke. Some caffeine might get you out of this slump.	I just want to have a child. Just...two... perfect...children..
I guess we do.	My people are good to go.  You know who I mean
I wrote a speech last night that'll knock them off their seats...  Four score and seven years ago, our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation --	Why, that's the speech that Lincoln made at Gettysburg..
You told me.	She's a witch, that one. I tell you what happen yesterday
So that others would know about this place?	Why should they
But you escaped.	I was lucky.  The others weren't
Thank you, dad, I got it.	Okay, well that about covers it
Would you like a drink?	I'd love one.  Whatever you're having
Ohhh-hh... what's happening now?	He's trying to get up -- good God, one of her titties is out
Let's not be too hasty.	Yeah. Hell, what difference does it make if we report it now or later? We call this in now, gonna be Coastguard, FBI, who knows who, all over the place
So there were no problems?	Not a one
Sir...?	The <u>doors</u>, Mr. Scott
Talking about 'like,' you don't like me very much, do you?	No.  I don't like people who park in the 'handicapped zone'..
Gomen nasarei. Hito chigai de gozaranuka na.  I'm sorry, my son. You have mis- taken me for someone else.	Ah, chigaau hito da. Hanashi kata ga okashii.  Yes, this must be true. You talk funny
Your cell is more than adequate.	Right.  So what do we do now?  Ping- Pong?  Row over to the monastery
Uh, yeah.  I'm a policeman.	Ever shot anyone
Does the name Clay Bertrand mean anything to you?	Clay Bertrand?  Clay Bertrand?  I believe there was a man with a name similar to that who worked at the Chamber of Commerce.  Is that the man you had in mind
Brady Peck's. Fourteen years old. Lives next door.	And he's where
Not because of me, I hope.	Oh, no, no.  Well, yes!  I love you
You're in the central corridor. It connects the personnel areas to Engineering.	Peters and I will search the forward decks. Justin, take Engineering. No hot-dogging, not on this one, alright
Very attractive.  Good idea.  Now I <u>really</u> want to fuck you.	... you can always tell the ones who'll do anal
We'll take reading as we go.  If the reactor's breached or the warheads have released radioactive debris, we'll back away.  Simple.	Okay... Hippy's not going... McWhirter, you can run Little Geek
Because these Minority Reports are destroyed the instant they occur.	Why
That's not what I'm asking for. I want somebody who can find out what Philip saw in those damn cards. And stop it from happening.	When do you want me to start
The sparkler would burn hot, then hotter, then even hotter...and there would be one moment of pure burn when that little fucker would cook just perfect. Perfect. It would only last a second, but that second was it. It was it. That's what dad had us looking for...You get me?	The wahoo moment
It will be okay if I sleep. I need to lie down and sleep.	All right, but...I'm going to check on you
Back away then.	Wait a minute -
What are you talking about?	Weird?  You mean like you hanging out with that homeless, Poke?  I saw you last night after the game
They don't have that kind of money, Mr. Potter. You know that. You're the only one in town that can help me.	I see. I've suddenly become quite important. What kind of security would I have, George? Have you got any stocks
You did?	Yeah. Look at this polar bear. It hasn't moved in half an hour. And those Eskimos over there...I'm sure at least one of them is a mannequin
All of it. About him, an' you an' Uncle Pete... about robbin' the Rock Island Pacific... an' about them Missouri Banks.	We done that stuff
I'm not. I just drove in from Kansas.	So why'd you come to L.A.
Funny, the kind of men women fall for.	No color, no sparkle--but dependable
Is this a--what day is this?	But I do work, so if you don't mind-
Daddy, it's true.	Let me be the judge of that
I don't believe it! I don't believe a word of it!	All right. I'll prove it to you! You believe everything they've told you - without proof! I'll prove my story
He needed my help.	Not because you were attracted to him
This is all too familiar.	Over here
No. She had every good intention of it -- coming to me as a private patient, getting out of the life, devoting herself to an acting career.	I think she's trying that
When?.....How?	Right now
So? So nobody's going to want to pay for these Gatorades.	What do you care? Hey, what smells like shoe polish
Whoa! Didn't mean to scare you, Evan. Just wanted to know how the flatworms project was coming.	Oh, fine I guess. It's been kind of crazy lately with my mom coming up, so I haven't..
You must go to Manchester at once yourself and really see it through.	Yes -- I must go to England -- I was desperate -- Now I don't care -- This sort of thing goes to a man's head
Just a little, please. Bad for the teeth.	Always the dentist
You are a slave owner!  You have been illegally surveying lands beyond the Ohio Valley!  That land belongs to the natives!	That land belongs to the strongest
We can't just sit here waiting to die.	You come up with a better plan, let me know
So is the town, I notice!	I warned you Civil Defense people to be ready if you have to evacuate
Let's go by Rosarita's. You been there yet?	No, haven't heard of it
I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later.	Berkeley told me that they think it came from contamination on a returning Mars flight
Well, I haven't seen any. I wouldn't worry about it. Look, I better go.	Okay honey
Look, Father this is hard for you- please. But for priests on the campus here, you're the psychiatrist; you'd know who was sick at the time, who wasn't. I mean this kind of sickness. You'd know that.	I don't know anyone who fits the description
We are not partners.  Between your daddy, my daddy, and the beating I just took, as far as I can tell all partners get you is dead.	Well we're not friends
No!	I didn't mean with you in it
I didn't have the skill to resurrect him.  I had to teach myself.  And that took time.	And you think he'll be in a fit state to resurrect, after thirteen years
How old are you?	Twenty-six. I'll be twenty-seven in October
There's nothing to know, Ann.	I can't tell you how upset I would be if you were lying
Well, my ass has got a problem spending ten thousand dollars of my own goddam money to get ungrateful, peanuthead niggas outta jail, but I do it --	Look, man, I know I owe you -
Egon, how's the grid around the storage facility holding up?	It's not good, Pete
What are you running for, Bob? What are you running for?	...and hypocrisy
Now many?	Can't tell.  Lots.  D gun's down to twenty.  Ten.  It's out
Sorry.	Yeah.  That was thirty years ago anyway.  L.A.'s changed a lot since then. The air got dirty and the sex got clean.  So you want to nail the Ex- Presidents?  Be a big hero
Um, if you're talking to me, could you make some sense? 'Cause I don't speak Swahili.	In two more years I'll have an engineering degree. We'll sell the store, we'll move away from Burnfield and the store and you standing here
What?	Tommy Tammisimo sucked big time
That's why you're a gambling man.	That's why I'm running foreign and you're not.  That's why you're not married and I am
That's easy. There was. He's dead.	"I'm sorry for asking. I forgot we said ""no questions."
What are you going to do?	Use the sanitary facilities, if I may
Doing what?	That's also none of your business
Look...	You must get lonely. You ever think about, you know..
Recovering nicely.	Me, too
Oh yeah?  Me, too.	You weren't in the state legislature
This is all very pleasant but why are here?	I've got some very important news - I've seen Wynant
I kiss you on the brain in the shadow of a train. I kiss you all starryeyed, my body's swinging from side to side. I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you.	The pebbles forgive me, the trees forgive me. So why can't you forgive me? I don't see what anyone can see, in anyone else but you
Yes I can't....I don't make enough money to be able to do that.	I thought you had your own business. You said you were gonna diversify and all that stuff...
Right. Geez, I feel like there's a great weight off my back. M'mmm.	Thanks, honey
Who're you working for?	Nobody whose name you want me to say, Mr. Young, I promise you
Shhh. I need to concentrate on the blockbuster if I'm gonna destroy it.	Destroy it
They're pretty pissed off. They'll do anything. Now I got a way to do it without killing anyone: but like I said, they won't let me in without you.	Three million
Do you want a Coke or something, Reba?	I'm fine, Francis
You don't have to, now.	I think it's probably still a good idea
That isn't granite. If that fell on me, it wouldn't hurt at all.	Are you sure
Well, you're right there. Ten minutes ago I had a job.	Stop grousing. If we find the money I'll buy you an international conference all your own. Now start looking. You take this side and I'll poke around over there
Okay, reggie, start bustin' my chops... Tell me how great you were with that chick.	Hey, Jack, real men don't have to go in for that macho bullshit ... but I was fantastic
All over.  Chicago, Miami, Detroit. Just lately Albuquerque.	You've been around
Have you seen this?	Yes - the worm
Oh -- unusual weather we're having, ain't it?	Look!  He's rusted again.  Oh, give me the oil can -- quick!  Oh-oh, quick
0h no. Informal conversations, mostly. What's that, Stoli?	Yeah. No Finlandia, as usual. Fucking dump
You don't owe me anything. We're on the same team.	You saved our lives. You did it
Tell me...	It can be done. Take two days to shop; one to prep. I'll offer up my bible for a small fee. You also have to hope Kip's jerk-circus didn't undo Castlebeck's linkage so much so that he's setting up surveillance teams on every city block. And then get yourself a crew..
All right, Johnnie, you want to play it this way, I can play it this way. You want to know who made a mistake, why don't you open the case.	Caesar ..
He's your client, huh?	Yes, he is
And do you think it's radical for a man to have a job and feed a family?	No
They're factory alarms ... Easy to get around... For a man with... Skills...	"I do ... I cut ""em.."
You're great.	I am
Tank.	Goddamn!  It's good to hear your voice, sir
I don't think they're broken. Anywhere else?	My ankle
There's nothing wrong with me!	Let's relax tonight, just the two of us. I'll make a quiet Italian dinner just the way you like it, with spaghetti
I'm not talking about Fred Yoong or Maxwell Jones, buddy, what I'm talkin' about is that crummy meeting and what that nurse did to you!	Did to me
Luck's a funny thing. Especially the bad.	Like what
Tsch, why don't we get... why don't we get Rob, and the three of us'll drive into Brooklyn, you know, and we show you the old neighborhood.	Okay, okay. Okay
What about Schulz?	We'll take care of Schulz.  Come on
What brings the rats out of the sewers?	I'm here about the so called disappearance of your husband - It's best if we let old bones lie. Know what I mean?  I'm working on the WHITE ANGEL case now - and I've got to check all known murderers or suspected murderers for the last five years... And that means you...So where were you last THURSDAY afternoon around five..
What are they for?	They're paramedics.  They wait at 180 feet
What the fuck is going on here?	What. What's the matter
Well, I mean, why not?  You know, wh-what have I got to lose?  Uh...	Well, no...I-I know, I just, uh... No, I-I, eh, you know, I, I didn't, I didn't know you sung
I'm familiar with the fact that you are going to ignore this thing until it swims up and bites you on the ass! There are only two ways to solve this thing: you can kill it, or you can cut off its food supply...	That means closing the beaches
Ah, Jesus...	Let's go, Sonny
Sure don't talk like you're sixteen.	Well aren't you the smoothie. Now you're going to ask for my number, I suppose
I'm using the same caterer for the shower I had for our Christmas party last year.	Great, Mom
Yeah. The camera guy is here.	Send him away
What is?	—running around. Not your work.  You'd better start reforming, Cyril
I thought he was lying.	You said, first, he was lying.  How do you know that, Doctor
Blanche.	No romance, right?  That's why I came up with Monica. It's what I prefer
Used to be, things were bad. No job...no money...no girl. Now I got all that and I'm crazy too.	You're not crazy
Guilt?	If I'd stayed down there, maybe this wouldn't've happened
I gotta get to my brother. If they came after me, they'll want him too.	You'll never make it
It's my Dad's He hides it under some old TV Guides in his closet.	Gee, your Dad's smart
You black?	No
Of course.	My family expects a lot from me. And I expect a lot from me. I plan on running for office some day
Yes	Why? Do you enjoy it
You can stop. I will go on alone.	We're too far away to walk. Don't you understand
Stay!	If I stayed, I wouldn't be starting
By the way, Jack, this looks like a pretty straight-forward transaction to me, but we should get into it soon -- just take a few minutes, maybe up at the house ...	He's all business, ain't he, Trini?  Dick, we could've had our own goddamn lawyers handle this deal.  We brought you down here 'cause we wanted to talk to you ..
Kill the bitch.	Yes, sir
Flip a coin.	All right.  Heads I go -- tails I stay to write the story. Ready
You know if there's a way I'll go to the commission and the commission will side with me.  That puts me and the other New York families against you.	We got friends in the commission
Take my number.  When you see me -- call me and I'll walk you through the exchange.  It's 308-9962 -- Repeat it back.	308-9962
...Oh, it's you! Lookin' for a nitwit to buy your lunch?!	Oh Norville, I -
-- Get this straight: I'm the District Supervisor.  Whatever you do reflects on me.  It wasn't my idea to bring you people up here, but I'm stuck with you. You are absolutely not to involve yourself in any local disputes. Whichever side you take, you alienate the other.  Mr. Corbett is quite well-known in this region.  People admire him --	-- Corbett's a killer
I pay Auggie, and I've got nothing. Eight hundred bucks and a ticket to Shit City.	Don't worry about it. You've got friends now, remember? Just behave yourself, and everything will work out
I... I don't understand.	Agnes, how are babies born
Well, yes, but the guy <u>did</u> bring Peace.	Yes, but there wasn't a War
Oh! Madam is cancelling the engagement. Madam has chosen a funny time for such a funny joke. Ha, ha, ha -- hurry, come on. Tonight -- there's a line in front of the theatre since six o'clock. The house is jammed to the roof.	The house is not full -- Is it really full
Tonight?	Okay. You don't mind
Have you got it?	No, but you do-  -see, you were needed after all.  And fifty warriors at the camp before dawn
I forgot to show you this. The gentlemen that gave this to me said you'd recognize it. Said he wanted it'd be 'bout the last thing you ever saw in this life.	Oh God... OH GOD... Santos... Oh God Marietta... are you in on this?... OH GOD!!
Are you still here?	Get used to me, Inspector. I'm not going anywhere
But first, a little juice....	And second
In ten words or less?	Yeah
Please understand... I've gotten all I can from this, Tyler.	If I leave, you will be right back where I found you..
Really?	I wanted him to marry her
Daddy, no!	Just for a minut
Tell that to the pigs. Better yet tell that to Malcolm.	Wait a second there brother..
Who is she?	Her name's Lorelei Ambrosia. She's Webster's Girl Friday
And all these rooms here?	Conference rooms, though some have other functions.  The one up front doubles as an emergency medical center
Come on, get ready. It's important.	Nah, go ahead. I'm not big on parties
I'm wondering why you keep his things.	Told you, I'm superstitious
Dr. Thompson, just so the Jury knows, you never treated Deborah Ann Kaye. Is that correct?	That is correct. I was engaged to render an opinion
I always wanted to do that. I saw it in a movie.	What about me
Ain't nobody gonna call me a bitch without some payback.	Nobody
Why would we?	Satisfy our curiosity
He disappeared. Later he was found dead.	I never knew it was so dangerous to hide in a woman's room when she's alone
Well, yeah, yeah.  You'd love it. It's really entertaining.  You'd have a good time.  I know you would.	And, uh, d-don't forget the poem on page a hundred and twelve.  It reminded me of you
Dude, you didn't say anything about watches.	What do you think this is kid?  Lick Barney the Dinosaur's pussy fucking kiddie hour?  Huh?  This is real life with consequences you take to the grave
So, you live around here.	Not too far.  My folks bought a place over on Elm Street
Do you have a guy like me every year? A guy to... I don't know, make a show of. Teach other kids lessons and stuff?	Well, you'll find out next year
I'm sorry.	I love you dad
We know the wife is gone. I'll see if I can find out where.	Do that
Not interested.	Won't I ever see you again
Too young?	Much too young
I've got something on this. I know a guy on the inside with the military...	Not now. You got my bag
You threw it at me!!	I just let go of it
Do you know what'll...	...happen if I drop this
Yeh?  Who else?	And a Mr. Michael Lowenstein, I don't know what he does
You won?!!!	Didn't everybody
Nah.	C'mon Tony, waddaya say
Then why doesn't he simply appoint me to the post?	Mozart, you are not the only composer in Vienna
Well, this is terrific. Now you're gonna have wrists that are smooth and kissable. Just go out there. Forget about everything and laugh it up.	Ha, ha, ha
What was your relationship with STEPHANIE?	It was wrong - all my life I have been cheated - cheated of anything good - I shouldn't have been born - I was a mistake - my natural mother was a whore - that makes me..
Yes. I can use he signal to triangulate her exact position in the White House.	You can do that
...so I thought, what the hell, they make movies in L.A., not in Michigan, so I moved here.	Just like that
You know who I am?	I got a pretty good guess
I was sent by his majesty of Spain to Inverness as a con- sultant on matters of metal.	You're a long way from Inverness
Look, Harp.  Don't turn him over to the uniforms like some punk.  Let me ride him in.	Yeah, sure.  Why not?  You two screw-ups deserve each other. That's why I put you together in the first place.  Christ Pappas, you're as bad as he is... talk about the blind leading the blind-
Look, chum, this is a guy, from what I understand, told everybody he was a war hero, right? Island hopping, practically liberated the Pacific all by himself with a knife in one hand and a gun in the other and twenty yards of Jap guts between his teeth.	Yeah
Jake.	I'm the one who wanted to study it...
Alexander Pope?	Yes, shit. Oops, sorry!  Sorry. It's just I told myself I wasn't going to say Pope Alexander and sound like a dope and then I go ahead and do it. Like I psyched myself out
Him too.	We've got to get you to a hospital
Web died fighting?	Died a hero
Just tell me.	Color in the red wines comes from the skins. This juice is free run, so there's no skin contact in the fermentation, ergo no color
I think we should get some support?	What? Call the police
He's trying.	Hey! Who needs physics when we've got chemistry
Come on Steven hook me up. Do me this solid.  Come on man. I gotta get Darcy alone. She's gonna let me fuck her man. Please.	Shit. All right. But don't fuck with anything OK
Showing Vicki what she missed out on by being such a dull kid.  Now, the first thing you need in making a prank call is, of course, a phone.  This one, for instance.	Steven, c'mon, we're not thirteen..
Yeah.	This has been quite a night. Here's a thought. Why don't we go home and give our private parts a workout
And once I saw this episode where they pretended they were each other. Where they lived the other's life for a day. You know those guys share everything, right?	Right
How about the nudity?	Nudity has just never been an issue for me, Frank.  For me, clothes are just an option
What do you mean?	I mean I'm a fucking fraud. I'm no architect. Don't be a putz -- who's been to Santiago twice in a year?  Estadio Olimpico -- please
You on all night?	Yessir, be here til ten tomorrow morning
You know something? Those guys are really starting TO PISS ME OFF!	But there's still only six of us
It's impossible.	It's what she asked for... It's what I'm going to do
Why not?	I gave that up when my wife got sick
Listen to what you say....	No, you listen!  You may think we are a pack of superstitious dullards..
Well, you look like him.	Oh do I? You're the first one who ever said that
No, Mark wears boxers. They must have been in the dryer already.	Uh huh... good thing those cops didn't see that
No, I'm sorry. I'm really backward in certain areas.	It's only that I really enjoy your company and..
Is he your boyfriend?	Ludwig?  He's gay - are you jealous
Nurse!	Listen to me! Take your own life, David. It's our only chance
He is. Take my word for it.	I think it's more complicated than that. Besides, he's a little... scattered. He almost... did something stupid tonight. At least, I think so. Anyway, he doesn't need sexual confusion thrown into the stew right now
Our numbers are through the roof.  The IPO's tracking at fifty, sixty a share.  The bank's five times oversubscribed --	It's not just the money.  I could make money in my sleep
Lafayette is a child!	Lafayette is my friend!  He believes in glory and truth and the freedom of all mankind; so, of course he's a child.  But he would have died before he would have let me down
Oh, man...	Please. Something is going to happen..
That's all taken care of. You see, Mr. Gittes. Either you bring the water to L.A. or you bring L.A. to the water.	How do you do that
Oh, I never catch colds.	Really?  I was looking at some figures from the Sickness and Accident Claims Division -- do you know that the average New Yorker between the ages of twenty and fifty has two and a half colds a year
Are you surprised that I know what it is?	Maybe
Thank you very much. But, Cliff, that's my seat. And I was just--	How 'bout a drink at the bar
Oh...	My name isn't Luke.  It's Peter. Peter Appleton
You've done well, Scottie. You're good at your job.	That's Carlotta Valdes
I am husband?	No. I don't know what you are, but you're not Scott
It's a beautiful home you have here Mrs. Rosemond.	Thank you, Annette. Chance Hill has been with my family for over sixty years. Does your family do much riding
Are you going to make this hard for me?	Depends. What's up
... You worried everything all right now and we'll have to go home?	What are you talking about
And what does that mean?  Are you insane?!  You think I would hurt Lois?! She's the mother of those kids! What is wrong with you?	I don't know..
You expect me to just walk in there?	If she wanted to set you up, you'd be in custody right now. When you said you'd name her as an accessory she believed you. That scares her more than anything
Hello...?	Surprised
Roger.	Hal, check all airlock doors secure
Whoever they are, they're getting closer.	I'll go..
What?	Uh... hang the... uh... carpenter. I..
Arnie, do think there's a difference between a reason and an excuse, because I don't think there is.	Carl -
I won't let you leave!  Christ, do you think I'm going to let you leave.	Michael
Sorry, Preysing.	You've decided against the merger
Thanks for the information.	A pleasure. Pity about Bella
Forget it, Sugar, will you?  Forget about saxophone players.  You're going to meet a millionaire - a young one.	What makes you so sure
You eventually have to talk to him.	Why? All my mom and dad ever do is watch each other eat and they've been married for twenty years
You mean you're still in contact with her?	No
Hey, George . . .	Hello, Violet
Did you know him before you knew Dad?	Since seventh grade
Klupner.  Mrs. Klupner.	Mrs.
Tsi tien, Chien-penny.	Ah, James. You always were a cunning linguist... Au revoir, mon cher
I was sort of wondering what you looked like. Sit down.	Yes, Mr. Sheldrake
-- It's not me!	Who then, Jeremiah?? -- Who?
I want to go home.	For twenty thousand dollars
What is it?	That should do nicely
They burned him to death in his boiler room, but they were smart enough to hide the remains.	Who would know where they were hidden
The Cowboy??	Yeah, the Cowboy. This guy, the Cowboy, wants to see you. Jason said he thought it would be a good idea
We should have jumped his ass.	Now Copper, you tie Palmer up
But what about you and the baby? You need me.	Oh, but I'm not due to have the baby for another six weeks or so
What?	When I say I love you
Goodnight, Miss Wells.	If you need me, I'll be -
She has spoken to me. I heard her voice. There was no sound, but I beard it here . Her voice was there in my head. I watched her lips, they did not make the words, yet the harder I listened the clearer I heard her, as clear as I hear you, as dear as I hear my own voice.	Spoken words
Wait a minute. Let me see that. She hands him the file.	The mother said the boy hadn't slept for over three _months_. A physical examination showed dilated pupils, temperature of one-oh-two, blood chemistry highly imbalanced..
Do what?	Look at me like you haven’t seen me every day for the last twelve years..
I got through.	Where are you
It's hard to figure. He went out several time last night, in the rain carrying his sample case.	Isn't he a salesman
Did you touch anything? Move anything before we got here?	No, nothing
The army?	She said I haven't been the same since then. Since that night. There's still this big hole in my brain. It's so dark in there, Jake. And these creatures. It's like they're crawling out of my brain. What happened that night? Why won't they tell us
No, no...It's too dangerous....	Mommy lets me...
Lucky you didn't have your mouth open or it would have gone down your throat.	He's Trapper John! Only man in history who ever found fulfillment in the ladies' can of a Boston and Maine Railroad car! When the Conductor caught him in there with his Winter Carnival date, she screamed: 'He trapped me!' What have you been doing since those days, Trapper
I'll be all right.  Peter, at the very end, I think Father was back.  I saw it in his eyes.	So, what does it mean.  The ark sank and the sun set
Yes.	And he doesn't smoke
Yeah, I went on a date last week.	How'd it go
Mr. Hubley was an all right guy -- and a damn good manager.  The men liked him.  I'm really gonna have to scramble to fill his shoes.	Well, one of the men didn't like him so much..
Simon, what's happening?!	He tried to disconnect ROK.  It gassed him.  That computer is running this ship and we're heading right for the sun
...That boy damn near broke my arm.	Sure -- He can hit -- Don't play no more -- Stick an' move, hear
You are taking a chance that is not worth the risk.	Well, we are one miracle short tonight. So, just guard the stairs
Come on!	Where's Kelly
I resent your tone, sir. I have men who are missing -	And I have the entire British economy to worry about
Private eye?	You guessed it. The card's phony. I got plenty of 'em. Different names, different jobs. I work out of San Francisco. Go anywhere, do anything. All it takes is the folding
Oh God, you're one of those guys...	You're gonna like this, I promise
I had the four o'clock shift. You weren't there. You had us worried. Is everything okay?	No, it's not
We got no choice.	You know if there's a way I'll go to the commission and the commission will side with me.  That puts me and the other New York families against you
Before we point the dirty end of the stick at 'ol Don, uh, we better be sure we can prove them charges.	Believe me, if I could prove it, he would be under arrest
Really?  Do you have a favorite piece?	I'd have to say Prokofiev's third concerto
Five... hunnert... thousand... each.	Four hundred, Delmar
The Fountainhead.	Great book
Feeling better?	Yes, thanks
When?	This afternoon
Do you know what they fought about that night he went away?	I didn't know they had a fight
You won't run.	But if I did... you wouldn't shoot a brother in the back -
I made no such promise.  Sound the retreat for the night!	But that was her order
You greenhorn -- you half-witted, thick-skulled, hare-brained, greenhorn! They wuz both too smart for us!	What are you talking about
<i>The driver's name was Locus Fender. We know that he was in on the heist.</i> <b> INT. ARMORED CAR -- NEXT </b> LOCUS FENDER  is behind the wheel of the armored car. His unshaven, disheveled appearance looks totally out of place in his security uniform. <b> INT. VEGAS SECURITY LOCKDOWN -- NIGHT </b> Taryn is now scrawling notes on a pad.	Where is the money
Yeah?  Then gimme another raise.	Hey, I got a staff to pay, plus rent, plus I haven't billed a minute of my time since I started on this case, so you can quit hitting me up like I'm rich or something
Keep the change.	I'm taking you back
Were you really a prize fighter?	I went pretty good for a while, didn't I, Al? But— I didn't stay in shape— and—  —I had to take a few dives
"Did you? I musta forgot. I'm Teddy.			    *"	I guess I've told you about my condition
You fucked up little prick!	Chet, you don't have to hurt him
Then we must reach her before she feels that pain.	Yes
This way.	Then go fetch
...who among us is in a position to say...	...He told them to look at me--look at me close. That the closer they looked the less sense it would all make, that I wasn't the kind of guy to kill a guy, that I was the barber, for Christ's sake..
Gino Marzzone is coming to your apartment.  It's a big deal, isn't it?  That means Caesar will be ready. He doesn't want to look like an idiot. Gino has been there before?	Yeah, twice
Hemmingway.  Killed himself.  I was more upset about that than about Groppi, that's for sure.	You know, this boy over here, once, long time ago, tried to enrich my mind...so he gives me a book by this Hemin fella...to read, so I read it
I'd stay away from her, Miles.	I know you would, Wrigley. But would Kramer
But I'm seeing him.	I know.  I said that, but...  he said it was something he really felt like doing
I don't think there's any sense in --	Let him answer
What do you think?  So he can kill whoever he wants to without anyone knowing about it.	But there's still the other two
Is he coming home?	He ditched me.  He started running, and I started running, then he lost me in the park
I got the woman covered. Where you thinkin' about doin' this?	I was thinkin' the Del Amo Mall. In the food court
A little.  Yes.  You have to wonder.	You have to wonder
Did you buy that gun?	No. I found it
What should I say?	Anything.  Just don't let Salucci think we're onto him
Yeah, I live here.	Sorta room-mates
I have a better suggestion. Let's forget that the telephone ever rang. I never heard that you are Yakushova... you are Ninotchka... my Ninotchka...	I was sent here by my country to fight you
Why the hell you wanna go up to Nu Mung Ba for?	I got bored in Saigon
Beautiful. You got a beautiful swing.	Ace got my son, little Nicky, involved with Little League, and it was great
This. And the gas.	Y'all getting any rain up your way
And better?	I suppose. But I'll tell you, Jake, I'm like a little animal. When I get my teeth into something I never let go. If your daughter's here, I'll track her down
I can't write and I can't spell. That's the privilege of a first-class education. You're upstairs at the back. I think Ermelinda made the bed up.	This is so good of you
Shit.	Spooked
You know what your problem is?  You're just too adorable...	You know, I think you're right. I'm just too adorable
Fine.  You want me to call your supervisor?	Please do.  He's a lonely guy
That's too bad.	"""Drink with your brain."" That's our motto. Who are you calling for"
Sure. I'm sorry.	No big deal. I'm just trying to understand
Yes, but you name names.	We nev-- We don't name names!  We say the Pope
They're from both of us.	A famous actor bringing me flowers on my birthday. Don't I feel special
The drums. He taught me to play some.	He did
You can't change his will.  Only Earl can change his will.	No, no....no, you see...I never loved him. I never loved him, Earl.  When I started, when I met him, I met him and I fucked him and I married him because I wanted his money, do you understand?  I'm telling you this now...this I've never told anyone...I didn't love him. And now....I know I'm in that will, I know, I was there with him, we were all there together when we made that fucking thing and all the money I'II get -- I don't want it -- Because I love him so much now...I've fallen in love with him now, for real, as he's dying, and I look at him and he's about to go, Alan, he's dead...he's moments...  I took care of him through this, Alan. And What Now Then
Mister LaPlante...	Look, I got this kid.  We got a goddamn relationship!  I'm takin' him to a movie tonight!  He worships me.  If I go down what's this do to my son?  I'm his goddamn role model for Christ sake
And ask me what?	Who put my client in the hospital for life
Clarissa. Oh. Uh-huh.  Well, Saunders--let's go--	Now, *Susan*--that's really a *pretty* name-
What?	Nothing's changed, has it. You still want to deceive me
Spencer's doing fine. So what are you saying, that you're frustr...	Leave me be! Why are you doing this? Why are you picking at my sores... What is it that you want?... You want what? What's with you? I hope getting me thinking of everything that's wrong when all I want is to not do this has some purpose.  What is it, Mom? No kidding
She said she did all the work.	WOULD YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP?  WHO THE FUCK IS IN THE BATHROOM
You were altogether asleep. You were dreaming.	No. You were there
He's right, Theo.  She might not be around to back up your story. You could end up in the middle of this.	Look -- I've got the lives of maybe three innocent people hanging on the end of this line
By the deformation between the mother rock and the fill.	Any clue as to what it is
No one's forcing her.	Just try and chill a little bit, alright
With Mrs. Evans. I hate her.	You'll be at home for the weekends. Now shut up, or walk
Yeah? Megan where are you calling from?	My name is Megan Inverso. We went to college together
Yeah?	He's so cute. I even like his cute little penis. It's like a little pig's penis or something.  Rose, we connect on every level. I've finally found someone I can feel completely safe with
The Majority Leader? Right over there. And that's [           ] the Minority Leader. They're both pretty good in the clinches.	Uh-huh. And where's the Press Galery
"What do you mean ""he didn't talk?"" You sat there for an hour?"	No, he just sat there and counted the seconds until the session was over. It was pretty impressive, actually
Are you serious?	That's what I been tellin' you. Start adding these motherfuckin' figures up, and you tell me this ain't a business to be in
This isn't fucking funny, Dante!	I'm not fooling around!  Who went back there
Whoa, whoa, whoa.	Hold it, hold it. Here
It's nice.  Does this picture mean anything to you?  Hmm?	It's nothing. It's just a picture
But I do have a theory...	I thought you might
She's in no shape to give her statement tonight...	No, she can come in tomorrow... gonna want to know a lot of things..
Great to be drunk. Sobriety's killing me.	Look up, Frank. Full moon. The blood's gonna run tonight. I can feel it. Our mission: to save lives
I can't help feeling that I'm cheating when I take them.	It's genetics.  You know this.  You know where it comes from.  There is nothing wrong with uncrossing a few crossed wires
Remind me why I keep doing this.	Rotten eggs and the safety of mankind
Sue. His dad was big Johnny Cash fan.	Oh, like that song..
Put David on it. He seems anxious to clear my name.	Bobby-
When? Approximately what year did this event take place?	I guess it was 1984, 85
Well I do.	Well you should
He's just mentally retarded, I guess.	He had of went nuts and did somethin'. They don't put you in there for just bein' a retard. They's retards all over the place that ain't in the nuthouse. Do you know, Frank
Oh yes. I thought he was a medical photographer, doing some sort of accident research. He wanted every conceivable detail about our crash.	When I first met Vaughan, he was a specialist in international computerized traffic systems. I don't know what he is now
Beer. And cakes...cookies ..anything bad.	That's not funny
"Yes.  No.  Both.  When I was a boy, I see movie at school called ""It's a Wonderful Life"" directed by Frank Capra. Ever since I want to come to America. Land of the free.  Home of the brave.  A land where anyone can be anything. As long as they are white."	Excuse me
May I present her Royal Highness Princess Anastasia!	Oh good! We haven't seen an Anastasia in several days
Church Hill, that's pretty close, isn't it?	Anything in Maryland is close
I'll need any and all topographic studies.	Wait just a second.  You don't just fly in here and start barking orders
Okay, let's get down to it.  I did my part and got you out.  So now you tell me where we're goin'?	Don't worry, I got a move for ya. An awesome move. A guy named Luther. Ganz'll be paying him a visit.  We go to him right away
Tim, are you okay?	I'm stuck.  The seat's got my feet
Don't crank the gain any more. You're gonna fry yourself.	I need to see more... get more detail.  Something.  I feel his presence, so strong..
Yes...	Great. Now, what do you want to do about it
Do you think you can sing it?	Me?  Sing
... because if you're talking about coppin' a plea, I'm tellin' you right now, there's no deal ... I'm never going back to prison ... We got our own deal already ... Do you remember the pact we made?  You and me and Jackie - that night in the bar ... we were talkin' about if we get trapped in the bank, what are you gonna do ... Right?  What did we say?  What did we say!	We'd kill ourselves
Well I'm guessing. There's a black kid, two whites, and a midget.	Oh my
One minute I'm minding my own business, the next thing I know the whole place is burning up.  An oxygen tank must've blown on the welder. Started an oil fire.	Looks like it took out the backup genny too
Manual or automatic?	Automatic
I don't know what happened.	I do.  Your furry friend thought he'd make a buck or two telling the papers where I was
I'm not experimenting.  Why don't you go experiment.	I don't want to.  Don't need to.  I love you
I'm assuming that's what made him the dead one?	Cadet Roberto R. Nunez. Killed right in front of me
Your fear of him was real.  That's all the ghost anyone needs.	How could you do this to people
Humor me, Puff. It's essential that I am able to trust you to function independently in the world.	I bow to your expertise in these matters
Loaned you. And it's only 'til you get out of here.	That settles it. I'm never leaving
Wow.  I'm losing it.	No, you're not.  But a presence in your house is not something to be taken lightly
So, I guess you could say you're really into insects...	Actually, they disgust me.  But that's what I love about them.  Like a car wrack, you know, how you shouldn't look, but you always pull over and watch real close, or even pretend you're a reporter so you can get even closer and take pictures
Are you prepared to put that in writing?	I'll have a letter of agreement drawn up within two days
What was that?	He wants to know who you are. Your name. I told him we don't need to know anything about you
Anthony, I --	And if Future Man doesn't get let out of jail in 48 hours, then we go back. All right
Butcher's hook.  Look.  I don't much reckon those minders of his.	Huh
Be nice, sweetie. We're just here to help you.	Help? What the fuck do I need your help for? I've got a man, don't I? That's more than you can say for yourself, Hawkeye
No.	We want to talk to ya about Henry Gondorff
Hey.	Hey. You OK
Will he live?	I don't know. This beast lost a lot of blood
Mr. Stevens.  One of your neighbors is adamant your home has exceeded its approved height.  He's filed to have construction stopped immediately.	It's thirty feet
I'm not sure about this.	I know you're afraid of something. We'll be careful. Tomorrow we'll go over there and we'll find out
Did they find any clues...  a gun or fingerprints or anything?	Not a thing
In other words moral ideas have no weight with you... all right, then let's deal with legal facts. You know that France has recognized the Soviet.	Unfortunately
Is Mae Rose okay?	She's doing just fine
My hand.	It's just a scratch. You won't die. She turns away from him
Why?	'Cause we dig ya, man -- Gimme a dollar
Tom Joad?	... The Grapes of Wrath
Okay...	Is this the only way
Mmm.  Like kissing a rose.  Well, au revoir.	Hey.  You feel like a cup of coffee
Yes, it would.	And may I see this storage facility
I mean when he goes out for a paper, or a drink, or something. What he doesn't know won't hurt him.	I can't do it even if he's gone
You didn't tell him about me?	No
Okay, we got... one, two... three...  Two Caddies and Poe's Mustang.	Could be worse.  I don't know how, but I'm sure it could
Something like that.	Egypt is in my blood. My father was a famous explorer, he loved Egypt so much that he married an Egyptian. My mother! Who was quite an adventurer hersel
...yes...?	I want to do something <u>positive</u>..
No wonder your uncle's so weird...	I gotta say this cake tastes a little funny
I detect a note of reticence. Are you, perhaps, one of those amongst us who feel this emotive form of presentation is overly manipulative?	Well, Betty, there are many ways that the spider may catch the fly..
I worked the three nine in Queens, Charlie.	I didn't know
You never wanted to live forever anyways, did you? It wasn't such a hell of a life.	Oh, I had me some high old times. Yore old man, Luke, wasn't much for stickin' around, but damn it he made me laugh
You? No, you'll be all right, so long as you establish an alibi for tonight.	know, but
Do I?	This ain't about that and you know it. This is about you never forgiving me for leaving the crew
Everything.	What will it get me
Maybe you were born older, George.	How's that
Bein' that it's cash, I'm gonna give you ten percent...	...off.  Say, uh, three seventy-five. Seein' that we both have so much love..
Thank you, sir.	Where's the place to go tonight
Two hundred and fifty dollars you owe met	You found the leopard
Totally stale.  And the ushers are like, the acne patrol.  We're thinking Pavilion.  Sitch?	Sounds toasty.  We're going Pavilion
And the pregnancy thing -- is that to do with the accident?	You know, I'm not sure.  I don't think they'd tried for kids before, as fate would have it
No.	Amsterdam
We could reach it on fire-mares.	Those beasts cannot be saddled by mortal men
Frieda's boss.	Who's Frieda
Look, it's three AM.  These guys are running on bad coffee and four hours sleep.  You better start cutting them some slack.	I can't afford slack, Brigman
Can't it wait?	No, Mr. President.  It can't
True, but thanks to you, we know his weakness.  We can keep him contained. It's just a matter of time before we hunt him down.	Too bad you're out of it
Not that well sir. I believe we have a few too many soft hearts in the building. Did we aquire a bank from Chicago or a charity ?	Relax, son. They'll learn in time that you don't fuck with First Bank. This is the real deal and we aim to keep it strong. My Daddy always told me that Only The Strong Survive
Yeah. Yeah, right, I'm mad. What'd you tell her, for Christ sake?	I told her I wanted to come home. Daddy, don't be mad at me
No...	Here. Swallow
Well you're probably right about that. It certainly can't help Sister Agnes to have this investigation continued for any length of time.	Why do you call it an investigation? I never have
Listen to me!  Just listen, okay? There's a man, Vincent, he's coming to kill you!	He's...what?  Say again?  We're in cell hell..
I am lighten. Can we drop this?	Fine
I want another interview with Cos. Tell him to bring plenty of ink.	I'll do it!  Sure as there's shit in the Tiber we're all going to die, but for you -- anything
Highway 119, just west of Smith. Why?	I need you in Philadelphia.  I got a code 90, in a-high school
I love you.	Tell me once more
I'm going to drink my coffee. Then, we're going to the police station. Where there will be lawyers, loss of job, house, humiliation, gutter press, and probably prison.	They don't blame you. When a bank employee does this they understand. You get your life back. Anyway I bet you hated that bank
How much?	Enough
Llewelyn!	What? Quit hollerin'
Oh, no, I can't let you do that.	Oh, don't be silly
I'm sorry Sir. I believe the flight is closed.	Please check. Is it full? Please could you check
What...	Their statements, naming Chief Cummings as the numero uno drug pusher from here to Oxnard. I want them to have federal protection under the paper's sponsorship
I was born nine months after she was raped. One of the four men who raped her is my father. I have no idea which one.	You're the killed
I know what I saw.	And I believe what you say.  But this is TV.  No pictures, no story
You and one hundred nineteen other fortunate individuals. Put it in gear.	Yes, Sergeant
I so agree. How did you acquire a taste for it?	Out in India. So character-forming for the British. Not the heat. Good Lord, no. The rain, dash it. A good monsoon. Fifteen inches overnight. A whole week of lovely rain. I remember one summer in Jaipur ..
...which is strange 'cause this is less than 20 minutes after the assassination.	No, I saw a guy shooting from over there.  He was behind that fence. What are you going to do about it
Don't ask me that.	I'm not askin', I'm betting
I haven't told you, Harold, how comical I think you are.	Comical
Release the sharks!  All the sharks have had laser beams attached to their heads. I figure every creature deserves a warm meal.	Dr. Evil
We are not at war!  You and I and Jaeger are AWOL.  We have no authority--	He tried to kill us.  If not just now, then in the helicopter.  That's all the authority I need
"I still don't understand why I can't do this... This isn't some ""troubled kid"" you're dealing with."	I realize that..
I wonder where he's going now?	I don't know
I'll make some for us.	I'll get my clothes
Yori... hey...	Oh, Tron... I knew you'd escape... they've never built circuit that could hold you..
Do you have the name I wrote down?	Yes.  Dr. H. Delbruck
Ow.	Maybe you guys ought to forget this Superhero stuff and join Kiwanis or something
I don't like it at all. You had a wonderful character before, the Gambler. He was so romantic.	He was a loser. This guy's a croupier. He can't lose. People have shat on him all his life. Now he's in control. He's a winner
I just wanted --	What? To completely damage me?  To send me to therapy forever? What
Who is this person that you've found?	He works on the movie
Where were you last night?  I called your house like four times.	I went to sleep.  I think I have the flu or something
That Greek guy who won at the end. You paid him out in 25s not 20s.	I don't cheat, Jack. You've got it wrong
You wouldn't be out if it wasn't for me!  I did dog and pony for you!  You think they would have let you out after what you did, you told the board members they looked like the Three Stooges...	"How was I supposed to know they were women?  Besides one of them was bald and kept saying ""Soitinly."
I deny his every charge.	Is it true that in the year 1950 you devised the murder of the heads of the Five Families in New York, to assume and consolidate your nefarious power
Guy says he'll respect her tomorrow, he <u>might</u>, but why take a chance?  Hold out til after you're married. That's... that's.... looky, we're offering'em Schumann, make em <u>vote</u> for hhhh.... psychologically, they will understand that that's the bargain.  Make them pay for him.  Make... that's right, the price is their vote. Now, we bring him home, the President announces he is flying <u>home</u>, he's <u>here</u>, he's <u>there</u>... f'there the election, TA DA, here he is.  Have him say it like I wrote it, It'll be fine. Thanks.  Labor, five bucks an hour.  If you <u>watch</u>, <u>ten</u> bucks an hour.  If you <u>help</u> ... if you <u>help</u>, a <u>hundred</u> bucks an hour.	Hey, lcokit:  <u>any</u> business..
I don't know if I want to.	Vada I wanna ask you a favor, remember you can absolutely say no if you want to
Huh? Yah?	I wonder if I could take just a minute of your time here 
Oh, Jesus.	No question, huh
Anything else you want to add before I talk to her?	No
Today, I'm offering you a lousy job at a lousy wage.  You think you're better than that?  Fine.  Show me.  Show me that you're really willing to change and we'll talk about something better. A lot better.  But first, Jack, you gotta earn it.	"How, Dick?  The way <u>you</u> earned it?  By marrying some rich broad owns the company, selling it off a piece at a time, then divorcing her?  What is this Knute Rockne, pull yourself up by the bootstraps bullshit?  Back in prison, guy like you, place like that, you were ice cream for freaks.  You were a goddamn dumpling.  Maurice and a dozen other guys coulda bled you till you had nothing.  Till you <u>were</u> nothing.  I saved your ass.  So you'll pardon me if I don't wanna sit on a fuckin stool all day saying ""sign in here please"" or ""hey, pal, you can't park there.""  Okay, Dick?  I can't do it"
Is it...	Yep.  N'it's for sale.  One of the few things money can buy
I'd love to.	Use your influence with Paul.  Ask him to take that whiskey decanter off the dinner table
Don't you believe it. Later on there will be human sacrifices -- white collar workers tossed into the computing machines, and punched full of those little square holes.	How many of those drinks did you have
Did you talk to him?	Yeah.  I got an idea. Come on, let's get to a telephone
Which one, the big tab or the little tab?	Put it on the little tab so that it balances with the big one
Okay, okay.  Here, how about this?	Save it for your wife
I spoke to her last week. She didn't say anything.	She moved out
Yeah...	...you fucked me
I think you'd make a fine writer, did you ask your Dad?	He won't give it to me
You are!  I don't like you.	Fine, don't ask me out on a date
It's always some kind of an excuse. It's- You know, you used to think that I was very sexy. What... When we first started going out, we had sex constantly... We're-we're probably listed in the Guinness Book of World Records.	I know. Well, Alvy, it'll pass, it'll pass, it's just that I'm going through a phase, that's all
You don't have to be so touchy.	Look lady, I know you people are used to getting your way..
Yes, I know—but—	What's the matter? Isn't it cheap enough? A trip like that would cost you a thousand dollars
Ain't no second chances in life.	Zat true
You think you can do this, don't you?	He might tell me about Julia.  The part of him that wants to help, that feels shame and remorse.  Who wants to be redeemed
You're wrong, Sean. I'm where I am today because I was pushed. And because I learned to push myself!	He's not you
Insomnia. Not unusual for someone in his situation.  Not to mention he's a bed-wetter.	He wets the bed
People show their happiness in a lot of different ways.	Well, homeboy, looks like he's at a funeral
Used to be. On the railroad.	Uh-huh. Well, this ain't the railroad. Now what's all this talk about stickin' together
I told you she was innocent.	Hey, there was a lot of blood
My problem Mickey, is that you don't exactly inspire empathy. I'm all alone on this. I need your help. I want what the prison board is doing to be the focus of our follow up episode. Now I have interviews with chairman of the prison board Dewight McClusky about this issue. And I'm tellin' ya, Mickey, he looks bad. The two psychologists they used for their psychiatric kangaroo court won't talk to us, which always looks bad. I have an interview with both the judge of your trial, Bert Steinsma, and the psychologist and author, Emil Reinghold, both of which discount the notion that you're insane. You put that all together, and what the state is doing becomes obvious. But the network isn't satisfied. They feel the show needs another element. It needs you. In order to put the show on the air, I need to get an interview with you. You haven't talked to the press since your trial. Now, a few days before you get transferred to an asylum, you grant an interview on television with Wayne Gayle. We're talkin' a media event here. Every son of a bitch out the with a TV set's gonna tune in to see that. We'll make their motives so blatant, we'll shame 'em into dropping the whole thing. At least for a little while, the publicity would keep them from just giving you and Mallory lobotomies. Well, whatta ya say?	Have you talked to Mallory about this
Don't give me that.  Kit gave it to you yesterday, cash.	Kit give me nothin'
I don't want to stay here.	They are English. They don't understand
You still haven't told me why you didn't let me kill him.	Because we aren't ready yet for the French. Before attacking, we must have safe places from which to depart and find refuge. Of course, there is the Casbah. But even the Casbah isn't safe yet. There are too many drunks, pushers, whores, addicts, spies ... people who talk too much ... people who are ready to sell themselves, undecided people. We must either convince them or eliminate them. We must think of ourselves first. We must clean out the Casbah first. Only then will we be able to deal with the French. Do you understand, Ali
Loves animals. Loves you.	What do you mean
Soon as I get that bracelet back I'm going to relax. Wish the guy that borrowed it would help me out--I got to win that fifty bucks.	I've got a hunch you're going to win that bet, Inspector
Can I sign yours too?	Oh, yeah, sure.  Hey Nolan, give my book to Tracy when you're done
Wait a minute!  How do you interrupt the cellular mitosis?!?	Can't we see the unfertilized host eggs?
Claire, honey, we are not going to march next door and accuse our new neighbor of--	That's not what I'm sug-
Aaron - lieten to me...  It's been Lasher - from the start!	What are you talk--
Yes.	I am Captain Renault, Prefect of Police
But accidents can happen.	Not to me they don't. I'm going to win the State, then the. Nationals, and then I'm going to the Olympics
What do they look like?...	Look, Lester... are you unhappy with me about something
Can't help it. You're doing time for me. No greater love, as the man says. Wish you'd tell me why.	As the man said, it's in my nature
Sure, but the end was so sudden.	He was in intensive care for eight weeks
More or less.	I'll take you about. Got some nice things
If I can only find the right door... the lady or the tiger...	No..
Alright, okay.  Look...	What
Yes?	When we were cleaning out Dr. Lector's cell, he heard us coming and hid something in a book... We got him out of there and dug around..
And stop with the directions.	"Make a ""U"" and go back"
Mom, have you seen Woody?	Where was the last place you left him
"Well, Mr. ""C"", how about buying a girl a drink?  Two bourbons."	I really shouldn't. I gotta keep an eye on my friend
Yeah -- what are you doing up?	We have to talk
You- they cannot believe you're still here.	Nonsense
It's a stunt. Humans don't write.	Dear, you're a scientist. Don't you believe your own eyes
Advise reaching 10,000. Steer three-one-zero.	Three-one-zero, aye
Eh-	Well, what's wrong, boy? Cat got your tongue
Right.	I'm taking off my mike
Hello, is this Elaine?	Yes -- oh my, God.  Is that you, Simone?!  I've been wanting to talk to you
Aren't you?	It's just that she's got a family -- and there's the people in the office -- look, Doc, can't you forget you're a doctor -- let's just say you're here as a neighbor -
What way would that be?	I seen you was from Dallas
Well, Karla, what're you doin' at home over the long fourth weekend?	Well, I'm in school and -
I've never seen him.  I don't believe there is a keeper of the files.	He's usually in the storage room sorting things out.  He can't close the file on a case until he has the concluding report
Thanks, but I'm here on business. I heard you're the G around here. I'm looking for some cars, expensive ones. A lot of them.	Sorry, man, don't know what you're talking about
You mean they buy it?	Buy it?  They're paying for it. And around here that's how you really know they buy it
You think I'm dumping you to get back into bowling. Well who's dumping who?	I'm not dumping you, I'm suspending you
Alex you can't -just leave.	Oh can't I? Watch me
How about rapacious and love- starved?	No
Bunch of us parents tracked him down after they let him go. Found him in an old boiler room, just like before. Saw him lying there in that caked red and yellow sweater he always wore, drunk an' asleep with his weird knives by his side...	Go on..
You must help us, Leon... if you don't win her over we're on our way to Siberia!	Or it might be the firing squad
In case of fire, how long will it take to empty this place?	About - thirty-four seconds
I, uh... I got it stuck.	You got what stuck
But it IS! Look!	The important thing is not to panic
Why would I kill her?	Because I'm sick and tired of her little games.  Because you could do it and drift away on your boat and no one would ever see you again. Because I've got a fifty-thousand dollar life insurance policy on her, and I would be more than happy to give the man who does her in a good chunk of it
Yeah. It's quiet--	I heard about that deal for your father--You must be real proud
I hadn't counted on this but . . .  . . . of course - the power of the sun has given him internally generated heat. I am a ...	You are . . 
I did keep an eye...	Then why did you give him a beatin' if he didn't do anything? You and him been friends a long time
Eeeww!	I know. I don't understand it either
A drink, Baron -- A Louisiana flip?	No thanks -- keeping my head clear
What are you looking at?	The Admiral's son
Stearns, Harrington, you know who that is?	Should I
I'm going inside.	What's your air reading
See you.	Stay out of trouble
Hit him.	INT. POSTAL VAN - DA
What?	Take off your God damn coat
The girl saved my life, figured it was the least I could do, keep her out of trouble.	You always did have more balls than brains
Mr. Stamper will escort you to the plane.	Thank you sir! Thank you
I'm going to get started on dishes.	I'll help you
I still can't believe I'm being financed by an oil company. Especially when they get a look at these pictures.  Technology in the wilderness; not too pretty.  What's that?	I thought I should check our emergency transmitters
Well?	We've prohibited the networks from broadcasting the transmissions
Johnny, I have something to tell you.	I have something to tell you. But I must talk to you alone
What? What are you thinking?	There're no cars on this street
Your tissue, your organs, your entire biophysical structure is changing. Every system is still functioning, somehow --	And they're changing into..
As a matter of fact, I'm out of cash myself.	What! You can't be -
Dad, let's just say I can buy anything I want in the whole bookstore. Including the bookstore.	Well, good. Every little bit helps
I'm about to break that beach wide open, and I don't need some pennyante Woodward and Bernstein getting in the way of my men.	'Your men' might just be involved in all this
See? That's all there was to it.	What the fuck they want? I took the dive. They want me to fall down too? I don't fall down for nobody. I never went down in my life. Joey, what do I gotta do? Crawl on my hands and knees? I made an asshole of myself in the fuckin' Garden! All the newspaper writers make fun of me. I'm the bum of the year. All I want is a shot. Just a fuckin' shot. What do I gotta do? I'll do anything
He's very very sick.	I know him. That's Noel
Next Friday.	Thanks, Alice
Who is?	Please.  Just listen.  I know why you're here, Neo.  I know why you left your family and your friends, why you left your home to come to this city.  You're looking for him
When I walked out, I waited <u>ten</u> <u>minutes</u> outside your door.  Ten. Waiting for you to come find me.	Why didn't you say something
I wasn't going to fight for you.  I was just going to beat the shit out of your boyfriend.	He's not my boyfriend.  I mean, I let him take me out and stuff, but I ain't spoken for.  Not yet that is
It won't be easy.	Just hold me
What???	Shut up
Jesus Christ, Rob.  Is that really what's bothering you?	Of course it is
What would we do if a German came into the house?	Don't be silly, Dawn
I'm fine.	What happened
This guy with Melanie, that was Louis Gara?	I didn't see him. I was in my underwear. If it was a white guy, it was probably Louis. He kill Melanie
I want someone who was in the O.R. We're going to win the case, there's no question of that. It's just a matter of how big...	I've got nothing to say to you
Ask me a question I would normally lie to.	Are we going to die
You'll have to ask him.	Sounds to me like he liked having you around.  I'll see you, Karen.  Mr. Sisco
You were there when I last saw him.	I'd like to believe that. It's not too easy
I don't know....	I'm not mad.  I am, but I'm not.  Y'know
It's a goddman trial balloon. Trial is the operative word, here.	Then somebody'd better deny it publicly
I got tired of hating my father.	It was good
What does old Stew want?	She says the standard of your work is slipping. At this rate she doesn't think you'll get School Certificate
You have to win every point, don't you?	I just wanted to know if you're involved with anyone?  Let me ask you something?  Do your colleagues know if you're involved or not
I'll eat when I'm good and ready.	Kind of feeling your oats this morning. I haven't laid a hand on you for quite a while, but that doesn't mean you're too old
You stupid bastard --	What you say, faster
Say it	What
I know every child is special in their own way, but Tommy sounds like a punk.  I thought the play was excellent. Better than Cats.	Cats
Your father had been very ill, we thought he would die, and some animals had died.	Cow
Detective.  Nice of you to come down here.  Seeing as every cop in the world is looking for you right now.  Jesus, what's up with your eye?	I need your help
Just visiting my patient.	Really?  And how is his state of mind
We'll surely be in our graves if we don't.	Going grows slower... we've not made... half a mile in two hours..
My little Volga boatman! Stop threatening! I don't deserve this.  Are you my little Volga boatman?	Now, Swana..
The papers are going to report tomorrow that your colleague, Curtis Zampf, has been a federal informant for the past two years. Do you believe that?	Curtis is always more complicated than he seems. Even now
Whatta you think?	I think Glenn opened his big mouth and now we got us another partner
And is that it?	More or less
Well, maybe you could look at one of those adoption ads. I see them all the time in the Penny Saver.	There are ads? For parents
I hid outside in the hall till the maid came to turn down your bed. She must've forgot something and when she went to get it, she left the door open. I sneaked in and hid till she finished. Then I just looked around - and pretty soon I was afraid somebody'd notice the lights were on so I turned them off - and then I guess, I fell asleep.	You were just looking around..
He's all yours. And I'm not your partner.	Someday
And?	And now the job's yours
Hockey player? He's not a ...	He's dead! Everyone's dead! Old Earth is dead
Go right over there.	Football
That he's got a pretty face.	I never noticed his face
What novel did you read.	I don't remember
You don't have to sing it.	Oh, right ..
I certainly did.  I'd finish it too, but... I don't get out much.	And this used to be your house, I bet.  Why do you want to scare everybody
Oh, yeah, sure -- no.  But there's really not much to do here and they might need some back-up at the museum.	You're very brave, Louis.  Good luck
I'm not. But there's --	You can't just run home every time things get tough. First of all, we've got enough dough to -
Now son, you tell 'em when it came from.	Be honest, I can't say I did it all myself. My grandma helped me get the words right
You won't of missed much.	See ya downstairs
You think what we're doing is so wrong?  And what are you doing? Pursuing goodness?  For what?  To answer to some supreme tribunal?	My only concern is the human tribunal.  Isn't it yours
Andy, I have to tell you about the dream I had - or that I'm still having - it feels like a systemic, physio- tropic reaction to some drug, maybe a triptamine or phenethylamine derivative. But it is hyper-real. I'd swear my legs had been cut off or... wait a second... I'm getting a strange meta-physical buzz. Shit. I'm, uh, dead, aren't I?	Sort of..
This is the first time I've seen him in years.  I didn't want him to think I was high-hatting him.	I don't like him
Go!	We can't leave him
Just do what I say. Don't ask.	What is going on
You'd meet doctors, lawyers -- nothing wrong with them necessarily if they're divorced.  Why settle for some cowboy cop who drinks too much and cheats on his wife?  That's the way those hotshots are, all of 'em.	I really gotta go
Can I ask you something, Kittridge?	Certainly Ethan
Don't!	Sooner or later, we'll have to try something
Where the hell is his body?	There's no sign of it
I am Lawrence, sir. Mr and Mrs De Moraes’ majordomo. They are expecting you.	De Moraes? I was asked here by a Mrs Spitz
How old is he?	I think he's 18 or 17
I'm more of a whiskey drinker myself.	J&amp;B
I like Ben very much... He reminds me of the Old Man...	He does...
Bulishit!  You're fucking with my head!	"And that's when I told you my father was this famous virologist and you said, ""Hey, he could make a germ and we could steal it!"
Honey, I didn't want to tell you at the time, but Del and I go way back. We went to school together. In fact, he saved my life. Two more minutes in that icy water and I would have drowned. But Del jumped in and grabbed me. We fell out of touch eventually, but I still owe him one.	He never told me anything about... that's unbelievable
I'm preparing her for Shinzon. To sooth him as she soothes you. To stand at his side as she does at yours.	That will never happen
It’s perfect, Sidney. No one will ever suspect me. I have proof. I’m the victim.	Please, Cotton, don’t do this
Explain to me why you're so anti- Brooke.	Uh, for starters, she won't give us an alibi -
Patronizing you... Nay, I love you.	I love you
You're not going to launch anything until...	In six hours, every living thing in this system will be dead or dying
Are you alright?	Just fine. I'll do the driving from now on
I don't have a phone.	I drove over and you were gone
They're following us.	All right.  Mission accomplished
Jimmy took it. Jack's out hunting with Evan Twombley.	His son-in-law damn near killed me
I don't know. They say I've got to re-write the opera, but it's perfect as it is. I can't rewrite what's perfect. Can't you talk to him?	Why bother with Orsini-Rosenberg? He's obviously no friend of yours
Don't try to tell me what to do.	You need the money just like we do
Never heard of him.	Oh, he's very goad, sir. I've read quite a few of his books
Not a dump, then, but kind of plain. Uninspired. And there's a stale smell. Sort of stuffy. I don't know. Stuffy.	Patrick, let's just get through this. We have a long night ahead of us
Do you know what you've done!? Do you know?	Would you quiet down! Just for a minute
Shit! Come on!	Watch which friends you do play with. A record like yours could land you in jail, get you kicked out of school, no colleges would take you. No future. Exiled from everyone and everything you love
Alive?	Unknown.  But, it looks like all of them.  Over at the processing station...sublevel 'C' under the south tower
Ok. What's your name?	Marcie
It's not opinion.	You're just absolutely right and I'm absolutely wrong
Uh, oh...I see where this is going...	...all of you owe time and I thought tonight would be a good time to--
Sometimes talking to a stranger is easier....	I...I can't explain it.  It's just something I feel
We run that twenty-odd years. Give it over to Otis Payne in 1967. April.	So you must remember Sheriff Wade
I thought all for the best.	A Plague o' both your houses
I hear you've got Marjorie Hargrove working for you now.	How'd you know that
Now, what makes you think that?	You all sure are buying a lot of holy water for two people
So?	Mrs. Robinson -- you are trying to seduce me
You tell those guys they'll have to do one helluva lot better than that before I'll even say 'hi' to them.	Well, that's the State's offer. If you plead to possession and tell L.A.P.D. what they want to know, your bond will be set at one-thousand dollars. If you don't, L.A.P.D. will request one at twenty-five thousand based on your prior record and risk of flight. If you don't post it or don't know anyone who can, you'll spend six to eight weeks in County before your arraignment comes up
No, that's not possible, Mason.  The trout...	...is a perfect hunter
But it's...	Thirty-percent.  No more.  Or I call another lawyer.  This is the biggest case of your life.  Don't try to negotiate.  Thirty percent.  Say yes or no
Salvy, would I steer you wrong? Let's say that's the truck; it's full of cigarettes, right? Now, two o'clock this morning we move the truck from here to there,  take the cigarettes out, sell 'em, make some cash.	Hey but Joey, you're thinking nickels and dimes. The money's with your brother
Is it a slam dunk? No, but...	Jesus..
What's this about?	Step out of the car please, sir
Are you telling me you've never gotten it on with a girl?	No! I'm not a lesbian. Why do you think I'd be into that
Hi.	Don't want any of those looks, Col. They don't mean much
Thank you.	So what are you thinking for college
I don't believe in fighting.	Pussy
Because I don't love him.	But that is no reason to get a divorce
Hey, what are you doing here?	Just... Just wanted to say hello..
The assassination, Jack?	Never.  Not with me sir, never... Listen, I think I'd better go.  I said enough.  I said all I'm going to say
Nothing -- ah -- detrimental, I hope.	I should say not! That was one swell story you had in the paper this morning
"""Research...""  You declare, as a badge of honor, you don't even know what makes water boil..."	That's why we hire scientists..
That's ridiculous...	In her case it isn't. She's had very little schooling. Her mother kept her home almost all the time and when her mother died Agnes came here, to us. She's never been out there Doctor. She's never seen a movie or a television show. She's never even read a book
Gary Blinker's fulla shit!	He's not
I'm reportin' this to my union!!	<u>What</u> union
I'll go back to them.	"And say what?  ""Please remove your dick from my ass?!"
It's beautiful.	It's a -
We should talk.	We've done all our talking, Wade
I'm here.	I want a helicopter to take us to Mexico
Maybe you better not try... I worked so hard to keep quiet. Like a mouse.  I should have realized.	Realized what
It was okay.	You'll always remember your first time
Do me a favor, will you?	What's that, Sol
Brung you flowers and all I gettin's facety back.	Only flowers I wan' see's one's over my peaceful self restin' in the dutty
I've had a lot of bad thoughts since my daddy died. Sometimes I wish I was still real little and he was still here. My mama's real good, but I wish I had both of 'em.  When we went to Memphis one time in the car, it was rainin' so hard we couldn't see the road. But I wadn't scared because I thought as long as daddy was drivin' nothin' could happen to us. I feel that way about mama now.  Mama has a boyfriend now. His name is Doyle Hargraves. He works construction so he makes a pretty good livin'. He still don't help mama out with any money though. He ain't no good. He's mean to her. He don't like me at all. Mama says it's because he's jealous I belong to my daddy instead of him. He stays with us all night sometimes, but he's got his own house. Somebody told me it's so he can still have other girlfriends. I like it on the nights when he ain't at our house. I'm not so nervous then.	How come her to keep bein' girlfriends and all with him if he's mean to her
Search me. Ask the Gypsies.	Here's a guy that's wholesome and fresh. To us he looks like a freak. You know what he told me tonight? He said when he gets married he wants to carry his bride over the threshold in his arms
Last year.  I -- it was broken off.	Eduard wanted to marry me
Huh.	Now tip it. What you're doing here is checking for color density as it thins toward the rim. Tells you how old it is, among other things, usually more important with reds. This is a very young wine, so it's going to retain its color pretty solidly. Now stick your nose in it
I don't know.	"That's it. And this figure --she traced it. The book I saw at the library had been marked ""perfect"" by the library inspector in March. Mrs. Redi had it out in April. No one else had read it since"
Gonna try and OD Whistler on a retroviral cure.	I don't know about this, man -
What are those things?	I don't know..
Look, Frank, when I say don't answer it, that means answer it.  You can do that for me at least.  Three Zebra.	Yes, Zebra. You'll be driving to the man who needs no introduction, chronic caller of the year three straight and shooting for number four. The duke of drunk, the king of stink, our most frequent flier, Mr. Oh
Take her off the list.	There's no procedure for that until she's been arrested
That's disgustin'. Those kinda sentiments shouldn't be allowed out in public. Is this Biloxi yet?	Almost. I figure we should find us a place to stay and then go eat
Your old sweetheart?	Yeah, well he just turned up in New Jersey at the military command post. Somehow all this is related to what happened down in Panama. There's a story here. I know it. You got any tape or glue
Yeah, I can believe it.	It's strange, though, isn't it? Looking at yourself before you knew who you were
Jesus.  Hello?	Hello
Were you working here at about four o'clock?	I've been here since six o'clock this morning. Why
Penelope!	She was killed in the park two months ago--in the daytime
You'll never believe who's in there.	It better not be my Aunt Trudy
What's wrong?	I just remembered the rest. There isn't any more. The only chunk that ever landed on Earth disappeared a couple of years ago. It was in this story in the Daily Planet
Delano?	Yep.  And guess who they hired to seal up the place
Don't know that it does.	Well, then, how 'bout maybe we call someone
Yes.	Did you ever want to be a mother yourself
Forget about it.	I wasn't angry with you I was angry with him
You know, this future shit sucks. I'll fucking do it.	You
System's running on auxiliary.  Only seven hours before it crashes.	True
I figured you walked outta there and saw me and walked right the other way --	No, no -
I didn't see any point. Dyle's dead.	Dead? Mr. Bartholomew -- maybe you'd better tell me what this thing's all about
Ever meet her, or they talk about her?	Not yet
No. Seventy-five -- seventy-five.	Well, we'll let that one go.  Now -- how many battalions you got
You're disturbed.	Yes!  I believe I am
Joe...  Joe...	Stop pressuring me..
And?	It was my first one of these.  We were a secondary unit, and I was pretty shaky going in.  I was still considered a rookie
I gave you the breaks, didn't I? That hairy chest story!	You've raised it up to the chin, I see.  Go on in the other room and get yourself a drink
Oh.	Unless you need me to come home..
I'm telling you, you will ! You're not going back. You're going to go on vacation !	I'm not going on vacation ! I want to be acitizen ! It's my decision. I made it
We saw this ad in the personals for two swingers lookin' for a Renaissance fair.	Nice
She hath, and in that sparing makes huge waste.	Be ruled by me, forget to think of her
So now my plan was to stay alive long enough to sell off the dope that the cops never found and disappear for a while until I got things straightened out.	Where's the stuff
The girl is looking to party, and you tell her we're going to go back to our motel room and crash? Jesus, Miles!	Well, I'm tired. Aren't you tired
Hurray!	"How I'm going to bask in reflected glory!  People are going to point to me and say, ""There goes George Conway - brother of the Foreign Secretary."
Yes.	It's natural
Sit down then. We often have a double up here.	I see
We've come all this way for a rock wall?!	There should be a way to open it
Givin' him a taste of his own medicine.  Asshole.	I'm sorry, Louise.  I know you're all upset.  It's just I'm so excited to be out of the house, I guess.  I wonder if Darryl's home yet
Anywhere you want?	Let's not think about what I want. How about anywhere you want
Do you have Mrs. George for English?	Yeah. She is pretty good
What?	Napalm, boy -- nothing else in the world smells like that -
No, he got hit by a bus.	Oh... Can I help you
What?	What novel did you read
Come on.  Try.	Cliches, mainly.  Don't take anyone for granted.  Don't sweat the small stuff. Live each day like it's your last
No, no, no.	To get to McGruder, you have to go through Missoula, and I ain't goin' to Missoula
Is that what you're thinking about?	Why not? Somebody's got to get rid of him
"Sure. Look! You sing it over again, and I'll do ""Humoresque"" with you."	It had better be good
Man, she's losing it...	It's about time. Isn't Fun great
Bones, stay here.	No way -- somebody has to keep an eye on him
Brain and Lung.	My mother had breast cancer
Oh, yes, I do, Joe.  Believe me. You say you're going to lose.  Is it my fault?  Listen!  The damned case doesn't start until tomorrow and already it's over for you!	It's over
What's that, Mrs. Mulwray?	Well, I'm only judging on the basis of one afternoon and an evening, but if that's how you go about your work, I'd say you're lucky to get through a whole day
Wanna fuck?	Sure
I wish there was something I could do....	She's had a lot to deal with...She needs time...
A book!	Yeah ... a bloomin' book
Ten years is a long time.	Look -- I'm tired, I'll see you in the morning, Eddie
Now about our coming up in the world a little. You're not naive. You're a man of the world. The Movement's grown; we've grown with it. You know folks. They want their leaders to be prosperous. One hand washes the other.	"""I'm telling you God's words, not to hustle."
No, I don't.  You should've left a long time ago.	We can't all get up and leave, can we? I mean, there are certain needs you have to respond to..
They're coming.	Strange, not doin' a run-up on the main drive yet.  Strange unless he told you the particulars of my escape
Tell me about this, this is in your handwriting - December 22nd - Betrayals in war are childlike compared with our betrayals during peace.  New lovers are nervous and tender, but smash everything - for the heart is an organ of fire…  I love that, I believe that.  Who is K?	K is for Katharine
Of course.	It's a formality; truly
Oh my God Karen you scared the shit out of me! What are you doing here?	Who's this
It looks delicious.	You hear me talkin' to you.  The only time you come up here when something is wrong
Why?	Because I told her you were the best criminal attorney we have
This spells trouble.	I have a guest
You stick around I'll pull the memo for you.  I'm busy now...	Their check's no good?  They're nuts...
We've got to get you out of here.	It hurts too much
But surely you must know -- because I love you.	Because you love me -- you love me
My car overheated.  I pulled in to have it fixed.	Where you headed
It means she's screwed up.	Fucked up.  That's what they said I was
Is he out?	Who
We still have you and I.	I know. And that's great. But it would be great in a better way, not a better way but a different way, if I could find him and bring him back
Hey... Can I buy you a beer?	I thought you'd never ask
It's a lot of money, Pam.	We're talking raw, unprocessed KGB files. It's not something we can go out and comparison shop
Thank you.	You're welcome
What the hell are you guys getting at?  I make horror films, that's what I do.  The Studio came to me with 'Stab'.  They came to me, check it out.	But you know who she was
I hope you will forgive me for barging in on you like this, Madame de Beauharnais.  I called to bring this to your son, but I understand from your charming daughter that he is out for the afternoon.	Yes, I'm afraid he is.  I believe he is riding.  I know he'll be heartbroken to have missed you
Your brother?	What was I gonna do?  Tell him the truth
Where are we?	Where are we? We're on the street. We're walking down the street. We're talking to ourselves. People are staring at us
I wish you hadn't done that.	Why not
Juno, what's the matter?	She's hormonal. Right, June? It's just part of the whole process
What about Customs?	I'll worry about Customs
About sixty.	No shit? What're some of 'em
Well, if she looked like you -- Say! My brains and your looks -- that mightn't be such a bad combination.	What's the matter with my brains
Cliches, mainly.  Don't take anyone for granted.  Don't sweat the small stuff. Live each day like it's your last.	So simple to say, so hard to do
Did they try and fail?	They tried and died
Just listen.  You remember when you were a little boy, you stood up in class and said you wanted to be an explorer like Magellan--	--How do you know about that
We can't just go off and--	There's nothing we can do.  We shouldn't even be here in the first place
I don't know. He don't seem like a guy that'd fall into line.	When you're desperate for money, you do a lot of things, Mr. Connell. He's our man, I tell you
Hey, it's legit.  Strictly dinner and dance.	Okay.  I think that's all we need to know
"Probably as close to the Getty as I'll ever come.  Unless you care to be my ""patron,"" Nels.  You wouldn't be the first successful thief to become a patron of the arts."	In your dreams
Yes.  Absolutely.	Yes is a comfort.  Absolutely is not
Eh?... Oh.	"He works the boats as a ""come-on"" man. We ought to make a fair combination and do a little business. Jack's a pretty good dealer himself"
Okay, let's go... I got nothing for the record yet.	Oww! My arm, careful
No, don't Jack, don't.	Who sent you, Thorpey
Expressing my opinion is not a terrorist action.	Well, yes, compared to your other choices of expression this year, today's events are quite mild.  By the way, Bobby Rictor's gonad retrieval operation went quite well, in case you're interested
Good, good, and how are you getting along on the ward?	Come on, Doc, you know as well as I do what's been comin' down in that loony bin
No, not that I recall, I was asleep.	Have you seen anything or anyone suspicious around here in the last few days
Also extraordinary things.	Nothing the God of biomechanics wouldn't let you in heaven for
I'm ready.	Bullshit. These are classy customers. You can't show up all fucked up with a Fila running suit on
Investigator Rimgale.	I need to get in the trunk
W-Y-K no 'c.' I'll be down in a minute.	No problem, boss
Whoever is keeping you waiting.	Have you seen it
You were supposed to help me with this.	You need the exercise
Thank you for going along with me. I just didn't want to explain anything... I'll send you a check.	A check
Whatta ya know.  Bayside, born and raised.	I thought these things were for talkin' around the world
No, ma'am.	Well, Flea, I appreciate the respect you just showed me.  But I don't need it and don't want it -- not that kind of respect, anyway.  It's just gonna hurt us both, okay
Well, the sheriff found <u>two</u> batteries in your well.  If you left one with Carl Heine, how is that possible?	I had a spare battery in my shed. I brought it down, and put it in just before the sheriff showed up
We've repeated.  A few minutes ago the message cycled back to page one.	And
Just thought maybe he'd like a little coffee with his saliva.	You didn't..
Come on, it's fun!	Not for me.  I don't go in the water, remember
A treaty?  Don't be ridiculous. What treaty is this?  Who made it? Who has been giving orders?	I don't know the details of the treaty, sire, Marshal Mortier sent me word of its having been agreed to, and he said that I was to take the army and make for Fontainebleau
I did not.	Well, I to my work, you to yours. When can I see pages
Dan, is this -- is this New York??	Those cars.  What year is this?
You just get cranky when you're tired, that's all.  I told you that you shouldn't have tried to carry that futon all by yourself.	I'm not cranky.  And that futon was not too big to carry myself
What's going on?	Get in the car.  <u>Now</u>
What about him? Yes.	Did he come around often
Can you finish on schedule?	In fifteen years, I have never left a customer unsatisfied
What are you doing?	Just... keep where you are
I don't know about him -- I'm going down to the dock, maybe go sailing.	Every day
Well, it's funny!  Whatta want from me?	It's not funny.  It's... sophomoric and mindless... and dumb
Sweetheart, we won't have to bother about our future if you are willing to raffle off your past!	Was it for this that I refused to endorse Dr. Bertrand's Mouthwash? I could have made a little fortune by saying that the Vincent Vacuum Cleaner was the only vacuum cleaner ever used by the Romanoffs... and now you want them to smear my life's secrets over the front page of a tabloid
But they couldn't come out for a hundred years!	Mister President, man is an amazingly adaptable creature.  After all, the conditions would be far superior to those, say, of the Nazi concentration camps, where there is ample evidence most of the wretched creatures clung desperately to life
Trust me, you're the best.	But, sir..
Could it be the crew? If they were in suspended animation, wouldn't that effect the scan?	If they were in stasis, I'd get a location, but these readings, they're all over the ship. It doesn't make any sense
I'll take the south end -	Fine 
Look, everything can be handled.  We'll just find a way to handle it.	Like how
"I love you. Don't say I love you, too. I hate that--""love you, too."""	I know what you mean. But it doesn't put me in too great a position..
A promise is a sacred oath.	All right.  I'll show you something sacred
As much as I loved Nathan, I'm not sorry she killed him, if it means I can have you. Is that a terrible thing to say, my sweet?	Hush. No, it is never terrible to be in love. Nathan's memory lives on in our sacred union.  I'm not sorry she killed him either. Nathan was wonderful. He was erudite and sophisticated and charming. You are all that, too. But you have something more. You have a bit of the animal in you
So you see, everything is in order, is it not?	Not.  Don't leave town and report any change in your address to the proper authorities. We'll be back
Mania.	Whatever.  And I thought, please God, give me a sign, give me some way to keep this woman from getting into that taxi and disappearing from my life forever.  And He did. She told me the name.  Granted, it wasn't my name, but it was a start
You look pretty good for a corpse.	Come on, Richard, I'm serious
Jesus.	Hey, it's the best way to tell
Good.	They took it down, set fire to it, and threw it on the doorstep of room 13 at the Buffalo Butte Motel. Your room
There ain't.	Then what do I do
And to think what coulda happened in that king-sized bed tonight...	You won't of missed much
Well, whad'ya know...	Don't mess with the boss. So what'd the captain say 
Get that ladder up here.	All right –– all right
Toto, are you pulling my leg or something? How is it possible to see this television without film?	Just so, Alfredo. There isn't any. And if you buy a television set, you can watch it at home, without any fuss..
He's headed towards the eastern most exit. Do not, under any circumstances approach. I want to follow this all the way down to Vig.	Roger that
The torque sensors are out of alignment... by twelve microns... you could hear that?	When I was an ensign, I could detect a three-micron mis- alignment..
You took over for Doctor Yolander?	Yes... why
All I mean is... someone like you...	How many times have you done this? I'm interested
I think she really likes you ... Where's Mrs. Peel?	Ugh ..
Really? Already? The summer's just begun.	Yes, and now I'm reading War &amp; Peace for fun
He had a girlfriend?	Nope. She did.  Like I say.  It never panned
I heard you apologize. Why? You have every right in the world to be mad.	I know
I didn't forget.	"You ever look down on them again and call them ""grocers"" like it's a dirty word, and you'll be sucking your filet mignon through a straw for six to eight weeks. Got it"
They told me, Major.  And I didn't hear anything about any atomic attack.	Look, Colonel.  You keep me covered, but let me just pick up this red telephone that connects to Air Command headquarters. Okay?...I won't play any tricks on you... Okay
Where I'm at is maybe 1890.	Say again
Hello again, I been holding these drinks for us for the last three weeks.	Excuse me
I couldn't it was Johnny Horne's birthday. I promised I'd be with him. I told you not to call me here.	A little trouble with your parents is the least of your worries and something I am certainly willing to put up with
What the hell you doing?	Helping him in
I don't... he doesn't want you to come over.	What do you mean he doesn't want me to come over? Did you tell him about me
That club sucks, they card everybody. Let's just party at your place.	You know my mother -- get real.  What about Alice's
So what's in the boxes? Heroin? Cocaine?	Worse
Emma actually likes chalk dust -- says it smells like me.	How romantic..
Then what do you need me for?	"She was killed somewhere else and dumped outdoors in an empty lot. Where it says ""no dumping.""  Her legs pulled apart in a kind of sexual pose.   It's all different but it seems so -- the same. Artificial and <u>posed</u>... Something's wrong with it"
I'll be back after I make this delivery.	On the rebound
How do they know that, you told them?	No
Ah -- no.  It's fine.	What's your name
Yes.	Because it struck me how neatly 'three' went into the amount.  Two Hundred Ten Thousand.  That would mean I keep seventy
How about letting the people out of the bank.  Why put them in this position?	They're what's keeping me alive. You think you're dealing with an idiot?  Talk to me then
He do that to you?	Another episode of 'Daddy Knows Best' at the Strode house
...Count it if you want.	Nah, I trust ya
Not terrific enough. What were you doing in that part of town? Who were you with?	What were You doing there? You never told me you were singing with an R and B group
Not in that way; you're always looking for company.	Why do you say that? Perhaps the young girl is a bit jealous
Okay. Maybe some of that is true --	You don't know the first thing about being someone's friend -
I know.	But you could go to jail for it
Because you don't really seem here.	I'm here.  I've got a case where they're this close to sequestering the jury but have I answered the goddamn thing?
"""Be there?"""	Making a male climax is not all that challenging: insert somewhere close and preferably moist; thrust; repeat
What, like some kind of ghost?	I don't know what else you'd call her. One second she was there, the next she was gone
I don't think he'll smell anything - just make sure he takes the check. I've been through this a hundred times.	Well you know Detective, he's expecting  'Moffit' to be someone who has... certain... well..
He just wanted a few minutes before --	Not.  Now
You have to let me do something for you to put the scales in balance.	That's all right. If I think of something, I'll send my butler over to tell you
Yes?	Yex
Gave all that up.  Going into business.	Well I'm the man to see.  Besides Sheriff I'm also tax collector, Captain of the Fire Brigade, and Chairman of the Non-partisan Anti- Chinese league.  A man of many Parts.  Got a place to stay yet?  I Also sit on the Townlot Commission.  Got a couple of Lovely cottages coming up for Rent.  Here, let me show you..
You don't look eighty.	That's the influence of the right food, the right exercise, and the right breathing.  Greet the dawn with the Breath of Fire!  Of course, there's no doubt the body is giving out. I'm well into autumn. I'll have to be giving it all up after Saturday. Sweeten the tea with honey, Harold. It's delicious
Oh, it's so soft.	It's nice isn't it
Why, sure, Ethan...There's just the one thing we're after...finding Deborah and Lucy...	If they're still alive..
You can take some of the girls. You can take Mildred - or Gwynn—	The girls!  I don't suppose it ever occurred to you that I might go out and find myself an attractive young man . . 
You run around with maniacs jumping motorcycles in the desert, you break 36 bones crashing wave runners and snowboarding off cliffs, all with no health insurance... It's insane, I can't take it anymore.	I'm having fun, what's the problem
"Call me ""sir,"" Harold. First thing you learn in the Army - an officer deserves your respect."	Yes, sir
Available cash is not an issue for us...	Twenty-eight-point-five
They think you're in Fairbanks. If not, they still won't find you before the plane comes tomorrow.	Don't bet on it
I haven't yet.  I don't have much of a case.	But you don't have a choice anymore. You've become a significant threat to the national security structure. They would've killed you already, but you got a lot of light on you. Instead, they're gonna destroy your credibility; they already have in many circles in this town.  You're some kinda ego-crazed southern caricature to many folks.  Be honest - the best chance you got is come up with a case, something, anything, make arrests, stir the shitstorm. You gotta hope to reach a point of critical mass where other people will come forward and the government will crack.  Remember, fundamentally people are suckers for the truth, and the truth is on your side, 'bubba. I hope you get a break..
No.	Well I have to close up now
Evan, you're hysterical. You study for this?	We'll find out soon enough
You must have missed your mark.	I hit him square
Well, when you wonder, ask me.	Okay... I will..
Who?	Hollis Mulwray. You seen him
Well, if that's the case, you're sure of winning the first couple of hands--But what about after that?	That's where you come in. Now, listen, Shortie-
Five, seven, and nine--	Yes!  Now don't worry
Sure... I figured I'd see you sometime...	Hopin' you could tell me if there's a contract out on me. I really need to know
Fuck you	I expected more from you
Yes, sir?	Hello.  I'm Joe Black.  Nice to meet you
... Ever occur to the jury that anybody could have gotten to some of my clothes and stuck them up...	We ain't buying that
I *won't* let you stand there callously and perhaps wreck my whole political future!	*Your* political future! I bought it for you and made you a present. And I can grab it back so fast it'll make your head spin. You got a nerve to stand there and worry about just *your future* when we're in this spot!  The man is--*Miller*
I'm not gonna mention Ricky to him.	Don't expect you to mention it to him. I'm just saying, if -
I know them as one knows his own face, even though I have never seen them. This yellow one -- a Swedish four shilling -- called 'De Gula Fyraskillingen' -- issued in 1854.	How much is it worth
You swear?	Yeah.  Go out there, check it out, see what it's like.  I've got some stuff to do this week, but I'm thinking maybe Thursday.  Thursday after school
How come? The army?	In a way. At least now I have some idea of what was happening. If we can only get them to admit ... to explain what they did ... I don't know. Maybe it'd clear things up in my head. I'll tell you something, Jez, honestly ... I thought they were real
Why the interest?	Because I'm your brother.  Because I care about you. Because sometimes it seems like the most significant relationship in your life is with that goddamn dog of yours
Photojournalist.	Sure
I'm lost.  Goodbye.	No
Strip down a nun?  You want us to fry?	For like, twelve zillion eternities
I'm sure.	He's a very private person, actually
Yes, I find that weasles have a special gift for the work.  The rabbit didn't contact you by any chance, did he?	Why would he contact me?  I just took some lousy pictures
In the sheriff's report, Mrs. Mercer, it says you were at Dealey Plaza two hours before the assassination but that...	Yes, it was about 11 in the morning. I was driving west on Elm Street toward the Triple Underpass, in a rented car - a blue Valiant.  I'll never forget that day
That's my good son: but where hast thou been	I have been feasting with mine enemy, where on a sudden one hath wounded me, that's by me wounded; both our remeidies within thy help and holy physic lies
One date, Jen--that's all I'm asking. If you don't go out with this guy we could throw their whole universe out of whack.	It's too weird David. This place is giving me the creeps. Did you know all the books are blank
That's what I want to talk to you about?	I wrote a check for a thousand dollars. You guys didn't have a table that was in the kitchen
I know. And he's like psychotically obsessing over every little detail.	We should call him and pretend to be the redhead
I'm tired, Ray.  I'm going home.	Where's Lombardo
I thought we were goin' into town.	I hate goin' into town.  That's about as close to town as I like to get
Maybe I'll tell you later.	Is there going to be a later...
Go ahead.  Ladies first.	No, why don't -
Mr. Takagi chose his people well, Mrs...?	Gennero.  Miss Gennero
Josephine and I have a lot in common.	Yes, you both think William Bloom is a very smart man.  The problem is, you only see me as your mother, and not as someone's wife. And I've been his wife longer than I've been your mother. You can't discount that
I work for city hall.	Really? No kidding
One guy do all the damage?	Yeah
"You said, ""Will it change..."" Wife. Will it change..."	"Life. I said, ""life."
You don't seem bothered.	You don't know how I've compromised my standards
Why?	Let me go
I don't feel anything.	Come on, it's graduation
Yeah.  You don't wanna know the details.	Ben, I'm afraid I've got to ask -
Who's Norma?	Who's who
It's taken care of.	We have never worked a gig together but I am a firm believer in preparation.  So let's go over this again step by step
You say something?	Yeah. I was just asking you if you was here stag or with a girl
What are you running away from?	Why do you ask that
You don't?	No. What is happening
I'm going to take a shower.	Okay
Will you smile?	Why
Good night, Sugar.	Good night, honey
Any day now.	Well, let me know when you do. Until then
Is that a fact? Well then, Grace, could you tell us what form of martial arts it was that Tim was schooled in?	Tim studied several styles, but his favorite was Jeet Kune Do
Levene!	Which, wait a second, which is not until the check is cashed
Just to get out of here?  That doesn't seem much for a murder.	How do you put a price on murder
Pick it up!	It's your turn
Do you dream often?	Do you
Knock-knock.	Who's there
Have you accepted Jesus Christ as your personal savior?	No
What about the trees?	The trees are flak--antiaircraft fire from those geeks on the ground
Man -- I was at the clinic the whole night -- there are no words to describe what my wife suffered.	And the child isn't coming
What?	And some new clothes
Sal, just this once, do me that solid.	You know you don't get paid till we close tonight.  We're still open
Partially, yes. But Doctor, that's an active case, I'm not involved. If -	Do you know why he's called Buffalo Bill? Tell me. The newspapers won't say
Hello?	Hello, Bob, it's me
Really?	Since the school is closing anyway, I'm going to write that novel I've been threatening on everybody
Yes Brad.	I've got something to say
Howls.	We're not out of this yet
We brought the atmosphere back down to freezing in order to control the development, which is nothing like we've ever seen.	Brought on by what
. . .at the very least.  I know there was more than thirty-thousand dollars.  Now, how much did you get?	Don't tell him anything.  He can't do this
Well, I do remember why I started out in this business -- you seem to have forgotten -- working in New York with Cassevetes -- we were trying to do something important, shine a light in that darkened cinema --	-- It's called a projector
Oh dammit, I love you!  I can't eat, I can't sleep, I can't think, all I do is moon over you and -- hum, apparently.	And what do you propose, Professor? Shall we hold a seminar to study the problem
Why?	So I can move on.  You too
And if you're wrong?	I never doubted for a second that I was.  Will you come to the trial, Elizabeth
Now Danny, can you remember what you were doing just before you started brushing your teeth?	Talking to Tony
Find anything?	No
Your husband possessed a ticket of passage on the 'Maranguape.' It sailed from Bordeaux for Maracaibo this morning at seven.	I'm very confused
Have you visited the little boy on my floor?  Jacob, the one who looks kind of sad?	There aren't any little boys on your floor
Well, don't take too long, the kids are already knocking down the door demanding their sugar fix... I know, I know I forgot to mention that Halloween falls on a school night, so they're trick or treating tonight... I got the joint decked out this year, built a graveyard in the front yard like when you were a kid.	Hopefully I can move things along here and make up the lost time by speeding all the way home... yes, Dad I'm kidding
Do you always punch people first thing in the morning?	Sorry - it's a reflex. Living in an orphanage if someone bothers you - you automatically come up swinging
Get up. She won't buy anything if she sees me working on it!	Wanna bet? If you show too much respect for people with money, they don't have respect for you
You'd be surprised how many nice people dine with the Guizots.	What a gruesome proof of the power of the press
Well...I'm -- uh, Joe.  And you're Susan.  And I - uh - have this weak feeling in my knees --	And is your heart beating strangely
They are singing for me.	Can we light the candles now? On the cake
Well -- I have to see Carl first.	Carl who
I can put you in the ring with him. Even book the dates.  But those big boys know how to fight. They could make you look real sissy.  I was looking at that painting upstairs. It's the first time a picture made me embarrassed to own anything.  So what's your real name? 'Samo?'	Jean Michel Basquiat
I know I was acting funny---I'm sorry. It's just...I miss it.	Miss what
"I'll show you how to chew it."" Your pal closes, all that comes out of your mouth is bile, how fucked up you are..."	Who's my pal...?  And what are you, Ricky, huh, what are you, Bishop Sheean?  Who the fuck are you, Mr. Slick...?  What are you, friend to the workingman?  Big deal.  Fuck you, you got the memory a fuckin' fly.  I never liked you
What?	Did you hear what I said
Yeah.	You could keep it and rent it out
How different was her lively rattle to the vulgar wenches at Kilwangan assemblies.  In every sentence, she mentioned a lord or a person of quality.  To the lady's question about my birth and parentage, I replied that I was a young gentleman of large fortune, that I was going to Dublin for my studies, and that my mother allowed me five hundred per annum.	You must be very cautious with regard to the company you should meet in Dublin, where rogues and adventurers of all countries abound. I hope you will do me the honor of accepting lodgings in my own house, where Captain O'Reilly will welcome with delight, my gallant young preserver
Out of the question.  You'd miss the gymnastics trials.  You've been training for that for a year.	I don't care about the trials, I want to be with you.  I could be your research assistant, like I was in Austin
You better believe it, buddy. Your average Rolls Royce doesn't have to pass as many tests.  You want consistency?  You want dependability?  You want safety?	Safety
But the wardrobe women have got one. And next to a tenor, a wardrobe woman is the touchiest thing in show business-	Oh-oh
All right - you didn't.	I haven't seen her in three months. We were all washed up
You better be here to be good to her, loverboy. 'Cause she's been good to you.	Gabriel, let him go -
He look familiar?	Very
Oh God, my God. it's goddamn good to be good. Forgive me. Father, for I have sinned. It's still goddamn good to be good.	I forgive you
Dorsia's nice.	Nice
Over my dead body.	No. But since I only have a few of your staff left to kill, perhaps I will start with your family instead... Gibbs
So run a little longer.	Miss -
Wow!	Do you want to see it? I can run upstairs and get it..
On the Baltimore and Ohio.	Oh
The prices are going up.	But, that's the way of the world, huh? Everybody's gotta eat.  Way of the world
Left jacket pocket confirmed.	Nyah, Ambrose is heading back.  There's an enveloped inside -
Jesus... They can tell that...	They GOTTA believe me, Charlie! They gotta have mercy
I <u>must</u> go.	I'm crazy about you
I'm still here.  Would you like to dance with me, Susan?	Oh, yes -
No, I want to see the dessert cart.	Very good
Shut up.	Beeeee careful
What's he running for?	President
What the hell -- What is this!? People died. Agent Carruthers is dead!	We have to transport Mr. Israel to Las Vegas, time is of the essence. The gulfstream is standing by on the jetway at Tahoe International. I'm sorry, I'm restricted from disclosing anymore information. Return to Washington. You'll be debriefed in the coming days
Aw, you wanted to see some life in the raw, huh? Well gal, I'm afraid we ain't got no raw life up here.	Well, I'll have to look someplace else
Benjamin?	Yes
A fair number, Ma.	Say your prayers
If you wish.  You're not wearing any underwear.	Do you like the way I look
What about the Powwow Safe?	What
Ha! And what do you have to do for him?	Nothing
I mean it's like, you know, I do my art because that's what I am, you know?  I'm an artist.  I'm not like a banker, you know.  Like I create.	I know, man
I don't want to see her later.  I want to hear her <u>now</u>.	Talk to the man
I won't pay for nothing.	He didn't used to be cheap. He thinks if he holds on to his money, he will never die
I'll come right to the point, Doctor.  Your sending this message all over the world may well be a breach of National Security.	This isn't a person to person call, Mr. Kitz.  I don't really think the civilization sending the message intended it just for Americans
Not too sweet! You make it too sweet they don't eat it.	Make it the way I always do
Why? From the first, I've terrified you, Doctor. And in spite of every sign that I'm an intelligent being who means no harm, you continue to hate and fear me. Why?	Because you are a man. And you were right -- I have always known about man. From the evidence, I believe his wisdom must walk hand in hand with his idiocy. His emotions must rule his brain. He must be a warlike animal who gives battle to everything around him -- even himself
Maybe you should talk to Sidney Winch. Owns a marine salvage company. Nobody knows more about the Strait.	Where can I find him
Yes.	Good
That's what the game's all about.	Mm hm... Two ball, side pocket
Ten.  There's a lot of other places I could work.	A ten percent raise and benefits.  But that's it.  I'm drawing the line
We gonna stay, ain't we?	You're tootin' we're gonna stay
Why do you say that?	I welcome you here with open arms and you got the nerve to low-ball me like some slick used car salesman
No one follows that midrash.	I do; I follow it. But okay, say God provided the ram. So what? Once Abraham raised the knife, in his heart it was as if he'd killed him. He could never forget that. And neither could Isaac. Look at him: he's traumatized, he's a putz for the rest of his life. By the end he can't tell Jacob from Esau...
What are you making such a big deal about?  They're only lobsters. Look, you're a grown man, you know how to pick up a lobster.	I'm not myself since I stopped smoking
It needs work.	You had to be a right-hander
Where is he now? Do you know?	I think I... I think I killed him. I stabbed him with something and he fell
I don't believe this.	I'm hesitant to..
What do you know about it?...What's a quarter-breed Cherokee know about the Comanche trick of sleeping with his best pony tied right beside him...You got as much chance of stampedin' their herd as...	...as you have of findin' those girls alive by ridin' into 'em... I say we do it my way, Ethan...and that's an order
Talk!  Say something!	I can't see anything--she's too bright
They still seem nervous.	I know
Oh!	Did you want to see her about something important
Look, I don't wanna be a fly in the ointment, but if help doesn't come soon, I gotta see a doctor. I don't give a fuck about jail, I just don't wanna die.	You're not gonna fucking die, all right
What are you cooking?	I'm cooking pasta primavera
It looks stupid. It's a pinky ring. It's a man's ring.	It's temporary
Answer me, godammit!! Did you make one of those tapes?	Yes
What? I just couldn't just let them sleep in the street.	Where's Audrey
[Who pays you?]	[We have an ATM bank card. We draw out 300 dollars every two weeks.
I suppose this is going to sound absurd. I've only known you twenty-four hours, but I'm in love with you.	It doesn't usually take that long, but I'll forgive you -- you were in a tough spot when I met you
We been through these off-seasons before -- we made it.	What we make it to? The next season to work ourselves to death, share croppin' for ol' man Howard, so he can get richer and we can't even eat when the croppin' time is done
I think we should get out of here. It's going to rain.	Do you think anybody in the Fifties ever made love on a bed
I need to ask you questions of a psychological nature.	Remember when you asked for a study on him, I refused. Same goes for now
Then I'll have the number four with one of your finest whips.	How do you want it?  The eggs
You both could have been a part of it. You could have ridden with us into a new day, the dawning of a new age of --	Oh just shoot us already. I'm sorry I asked
I hope you enjoyed your visit.	Uh yes, thank you.  It was quite enjoyable
Oh, I see.  But you're not Luke. You're Peter Appleton, the picture writer.	Not any more
What kind of a person wakes up in the morning and says to themselves, 'Think I'll nail a sixteen year old girl to a tree today'?	The same type that decides to carve into her stomach
And, instead, he printed his heel in your face?	I see you're full of human feelings..
Oh God no.	So not over her, in fact
Maybe, when we get the Grail...	Well, see, I think she can help...You know women are great..they...they make homes and they..ya know, kill the livestock so the knights can go out and get Grails and...and slaughter villages with a clear head...I mean, where would Arthur be without Guinevere..
No. They never did, really. But that's what I'm going to recommend. The next step. Unless something --	Have you discussed this with them
On the high seas, your ship attacked, and the Dread Pirate Roberts never takes prisoners.	I can't afford to make exceptions. Once word leaks out that a pirate has gone soft, people begin to disobey you, and then it's nothing but work, work, work, all the time
Do you know how much it costs to go to New York?	Nobody knows.  It changes practically every day.  How much money do you have
Look, why don't you just come on back inside for a second.	Wait a minute, lemme see that
What about Captain Medley? He never told them what happened to you over there. His testimony...that coward wanted them to think you were crazy.	I know. It was perfect. [Beat] Erase my sanity and you erase anything I'll ever say
As I was saying:  I'm a woman, and can't be taken for granted.  Are you listening, you Batman you?	Hanging on every word
"""What we have to do is admit to ourself that we see that opportunity...and take it.  And that's it."" And we sit there.  I got the pen out..."	"""Always be closing..."
Tim's jealous, you know? He wants to have ideas too.	Yeah. Yeah, I'm jealous of MTV faggots who are named after animals
You've got to put this on.	Take laddie
And the police did nothing?	EVERYONE JUST KIND OF LOOKED THE OTHER WAY
That's narrow?	When are you coming back
Oh, not that.  You promised you'd burn it.	You were adorable.  The least you could do is use a glass
You died, Starks. Years ago, in the hospital.	I know. [Beat] You killed me, didn't you
Joey... Which way's aft?	That way
We didn't see anything -  - did we?	No - nothing.  Besides, it's none of our business if you guys want to knock each other off 
We're going to have to explain away the...	They caught him in the closet with a Girlscout.  Side- effects of a pill ain't gone trump that.  You have to keep'em guessing for  Two weeks.  You  don't have to Cure Cancer, Pal, you just have to give them something more interesting than..
Yes, yes, I'm sure I only did you good, Maggie.	What did he ask
You're GONNA be there! We're getting outta here! TAKE IT!	Tell Ashley... I..
Nobody. I love you, remember?	Then why'd you say that thing about Tony Janiro
"Almost, but you've got to say ""Rich White Man"" all run together like it's one word."	Follow the RichWhiteMan..
Taking pictures?  It's a long story. I'd need two or three drinks to get through that one.	A photographer ..
I can't... they prefer a more formal presentation. I don't usually go so close to the surface, but I was...	...you are so goddamn weird.  Oh, and by the way, get the hell outta here
Don't be giving me attitude, Lee.  I've been here three days and we haven't done shit.  We haven't been to a club, haven't even talked to a girl.  I'm on vacation, and I want some mu-shu.	Mu-shu?  You're hungry
You allus had good jobs, and that girl in Kentucky I taken a shine to her.	She took off with that convertible feller..
McManus wants to go in shooting. I said no way.	Fenster and Hockney
This looks terrific, Lucy.	Boy!  <u>Somebody</u> areound here sure has bad breath
It's not funny now. I'm a cop and I gotta listen to all the complaints people make. I'm not a kid anymore. You change.	I bet you did lots of bad things
Won't you give yourself a rest, John? She's other people to look out for her.	She needs me, Archie.  She canna do without me, she said it to my face.  How can I stop now
At school.  She fell for Kyle just before we graduated.  Got pregnant, and...went to live in a trailer up on a woodlot Kyle's dad used to own. Kyle started spending more and more time at the Spread Eagle...	That's the local bar
Not good enough to be standing here shooting the bull.	We're gone
Queen Cherlindrea?	She requests the presence of your- self and the young princess
Jesus, you sound like my ex-wife.	You were married?  All those falls, I'm surprised you had time
I'd love to, but unfortunately I'm expecting some company.	Ronald
No... no... this is embarrassing. I was returning your pillowcase... and I saw you cross the street... and I sort of started following you. I just find you really intriguing. I don't know why.	Intriguing
You're Alan Grant, aren't you?  I read both of your books.	Which one do you prefer
Excuse me, sir. I'd like to have a word with you.	Oh?... Well, quickly please, Mothershead, I'm overdue
As it was in the begin is now and ever shall be, world without end, amen.	Save your servan
Please don't go. Please. Stay, We'll just talk. Then go to the party.	This party is sick
Oh, come on.  You've had a hard year, you're cooped up with the kid all the time.  Let go; live a little.	You sure
This story they won't cover.  And if the network doesn't cover it -- it must not be important so why worry.	I'm going to miss you -- you're a prick in a great way..
You can start Monday week.	Fine
Where are you going?	Down Kensington Church Street, then Knightsbridge, then Hyde Park Corner
Hello? Sultenfuss Parlor.	Hi Dad
Tell me something, Stamp. Tell me this one thing. How much is a nigger supposed to take?	All he can. All he can
I get it. We could give the public the impression that we were doing something... charitable. Brilliant!!	And last...you remember Bill here, from the Bazoom Toy Company? He's got a little something I think you'll like
Yep.	<i>Deliver them to the Needles DMV. Sundown at the Sam Kinison monument.</i
Oh. I saved my first drink to have with you. Here.	No. No, Rick. Not tonight
Go ahead.  Take the jeep.  I'll come to Cache with Bob when he gets here.	Okay by me.  You're the one likes these hot springs so much
Come on.  You're going to get us in trouble.	It was an accident.  You saw it was an accident
And what did he say?	He said... he was just looking for a good time
Oh, that.  It's from a friend of mine.  A middle-aged lady, very foolish and very generous.	I'll say.  This is solid gold
I need it.	'Least you admit it
It says here, name Danger Powers.	Danger's my middle name
-- what the hell is that?	What
Jim, that bunch is out for blood. If I throw Horace in their teeth now--	I said forget 'em! Horace Miller goes to the Senate--and that settles it
You've never heard anybody say anything about either movie?	I find it's best to stay out of other people's affairs
I’m worried. Amy’s not good at drinking. She gets sooo drunk sooo fast. Does free alcohol get you less drunk or more drunker?  Is it ‘drunker’ or ‘drunker-er’?	Just drunk enough
So what's his reason?	Maybe Sidney wouldn't have sex with him
Where does that leave us?	We've outlined a settlement..
Why would I lie to you?	Because you're still working for Cohaagen
So what's that mean?  That you're disappointed by what you found or you're sorry you robbed all those banks?	I don't know
General Schmuck, are you positive of your figures?	Naturally I am, sir
Of course!  It defines society!  To deny the precept is to say that order is an arbitrary distinction applied by the society itself!	But can there be a society composed of just two ants
You're amazing! You act like I don't live in that house! Don't you think I hear the two of you!? Don't you think I can tell what's going on? I'm not five years old, Mom!  You want to divorce Daddy and Daddy doesn't want to.	Did he tell you that
Is she pretty?	Carlotta
Then Luca turned to the other man...	Michael, I love you
What are you thinking of, Bella? Can I eat dry?	Oh, the wine. I have forgotten the wine
... knock on my door, I'm a total insomniac.	No, thanks I've got a... a date tonight
Two -- three if you count the husband.	We must <u>always</u> count the husband. By my count there've been... four. But I still live in hope
Do you want to fuck now?	Maybe another drink first. More tequila
Can't lock up...	Talk to me, Hudson
Correct. I'm seeking representation.	Continue
I thought you told me you didn't know where she was.	I didn't. She came to me a few days ago. To put it delicately her care imposes a financial burden upon me. She thought you might lighten that burden
Take the airport subway, but change at Jordan Station for Kowloon Tong.	But-
Don't worry.	We could go stay at Aunt Charlotte's farm.  She's to the west
The Red Knight!	The Red...?  You're totally gone, aren't you
That other policeman already checked under the house and found not a thing amiss.	Officer White
You were demoted...	Yes
Let's see.  Where's it from?	Philadelphia.  Then he didn't do it, did he, Nick
You remember, Dr. Fosdick, in my last book there are some very fine examples.	Uh-huh
Great.  Network news, Washington... I love it.  What do you do when your real life exceeds your dreams?	Keep it to yourself
What's the matter?	What the hell do you think's the matter.  I could wait for you someplace
What are you telling them?	Hello, I think... I could be mistaken. They're using a very primitive dialect.  But I do believe they think I am some sort of god
I still think he's responsible for the smear.	Not that I'm convinced, but you'll never prove it in a million years.  Steve, you'll do what you want, but it can't hurt; he offers you an olive branch - so today like olives
Alex Swan. My brother. The other two are called Taylor and Leveau.	Taylor's dead
Give him a cup of tea.	Do you want a cup of tea
Mr. Crawford asked my opinion.  Here we've got a purported x-ray, Dr. Lechter's surgery.  Do we keep it secret, or broadcast it?	"Saying what, ""Look out for a guy with ten fingers...?"
It's a comfortin' idea.	Well, we're really out in the middle of it now, ain't we
If an adversary demands parlay, you can do them no harm until the parlay is complete.	It would appear, so do you
We'll need a search running.	It's already begun
No.	You want her dead, don't you
You may keep the pearls -- I don't want them any more -- I'll make you a present of them.	I don't want them now
Oh yeah?  I guess we still need to see that price tag.  Like art, right?  You hang some painting that looks like baby-puke in your living room only if it costs a bundle.	A dime
What ARE we searching for, Mr. Spock?	You tell them, Lieutenant
Sam took them to a movie.	I'll be in the bedroom
I'm busy.	Don't make me raise my hand to you. You have to see for yourself that you are going in the wrong direction
She's joking. Junebug has a wonderful sense of humor, which is just one of her many genetic gifts.	I also have good teeth. No cavities. We finally got fluoridated water in Dancing Elk
Yes?	I want your bar
Do you trust me, Julie?	Not a chance
Carter, there's something I have to tell you.  You were right about what you said in Hong Kong.  All I do is work.  Never take a day off.  It's all I have right now.	Hey, I didn't mean to call you pathetic
I know what you're thinking, she's a hysteric pure and simple.	Not simple, no
Amazing.	Unbelievable...  ...And Lily named her dog after him? Far out
What do you think?	Well, it's certainly what you'd call interesting
I read the one about the penal colony.	Did you
Edward...	Who is it
Hanukkah, Shmanukkah. It isn't even one of the high holidays. What concerns me more is that my boychick is almost thirty, and has yet to settle down with a nice Jewish girl.  I'll make you a deal. I'll help you with your little Hanukkah problem if you help me with my Mordechai.	What do you want me to do
So how do you get from the Bronx to the South China sea?	You quit high school, lie about your age, join the navy, and next thing you know, four years are up and you need a way to make a living..
Who?	Mister Funboy
What?	Nothing
He doesn't give it to us.  We take it.	From
For Christmas. Your share.  It's just a taste.	Jimmy
Oh, Ray... no...	You think this is just about money, about us looking foolish?  Question him. You're gonna find a stone cold manipulative psychopath.  And those girls are going to wind up dead..
This isn't happening.	I used to tell myself that. Used to try and pretend I was dreaming all the pain. But why kid yourself? Some things have to be endured. Take it from me. And that makes the pleasures so much sweeter..
How's that?	Have you made up your mind
Music, of course. To get a sweetheart, one has to look around, but to get a radio, all you have to do is buy one.	Ah, no... For me, love comes first. I'm a man, and I know what's what: first love, and then music
I'll open mine now.	I'll open mine, too
I'm sorry, Cole.	You're just upset about Jesse. We all are
You have no shame.	Not yet. But I'm hoping
I want the money--meet me at the highest point from where you are. Don't do it and we're going to see if your angel here can fly. Copy?	Copy.  Jessie, go to the top of Bitker ladder
We left them eighty-eights.	They don't send planes to put out machine guns.  Two flank runners with surpressing fire.  I'm going right, whoever goes left has to be fast
The Royal.	Right.  The Royal.  When's the last time we were there
Gossip counts.  Lord Aberdeen was right.  This country is not governed by wisdom but by talk.  Granted, it wouldn't take much to winkle the old girl out of mourning, but if public opinion is against her, then it doesn't do to appear too close.	So
Christ no!	Lost my eyes in Vyee-et-nam.  Lost them fighting the commies.  Fought the war and lost my eyes fightin' the commies just so you can come around here and make fun of me
It's... it's not that simple to explain. I know you think it is, but it's not. The truth is, I don't really know what I want to do. I don't have all the answers.	No, you just act like you do
It's my condition. I never know if I've already eaten, so I always just eat small amounts.	You don't have to remember to be hungry
I -- I was Just going to lunch.	May I walk out with you
The FBI computer holds files on twenty million Americans.  I just hacked into it.	Congratulations
You straight?	Yeah, I'm alright.  Is my face still orange to you
Why couldn't you ever find out anything from the girl?	Trask -
Of course not.	Then who's it for
You're right, Bela.  Now Dracula, <u>that's</u> a part that takes acting.	Of course!  Dracula requires <u>presence</u>.  It's all in the voice, and the eyes, and the hand -
All of these are interviews?	Yes
And what if I say no?	You know what. Go
Whatever Nekhorvich was carrying Sean wanted and he wanted to conceal the fact that he took it.	Enough to kill Nekhorvich and two hundred innocent passengers
I fucked her! Okay? I fucked her. I'm sorry. But that's what the hell I did.	Do you know what I gave up to be with you
Get out of here!	You can't bribe me
I've got to stick by Kit... He feels trapped.	Yeah. I can imagine
No.	You ever heard him mention the name Leo Crow
And another thing, you better stay away from my sister or you better...	Ladies and gentlemen, there is no need to go there.  We can all agree to disagree without making threats
Maybe it's not the army, Jake.	What do you mean
I know he is. You change those clothes and then come to my cabin. I'll expect you around twelve o'clock.	Not a chance--I'm through
Look, I just need somebody to be nice to me for five minutes and then I'll leave you alone.	What's the matter
You're going to finance him, I suppose.	Why not?  Look what he's doing for aviation. It takes courage to do what he does. And character! At least he's accomplished something worthwhile. I suppose you'd like to have me marry a business man. Well, I hate business men—particularly if you're a shining example
What can I do?	I can... feel it moving around inside me. You've got to kill me
That happened once. People weren't talking about AIDS then, the way we are now. Or safe sex.	You'd <u>heard</u> of AIDS in 1984, 85
I can see you're putting your spare time to good use.  Let me tell you something: you keep staring at hyperspace for long enough, they'll be peeling you off a wall.  I've seen it happen.	We're the new pioneers, Chaz.  We even have our own special diseases
Reiben, are you makin' fun 'a the way I talk?	Hell, no
What -- what are you doing?	Vacuum-sealed globe ... shouldn't take long
I thought she was with you.	We got separated
Are you in love with her?	Her
No signs of trouble?	What do ya mean
You too.	Smokin' what
How long is that gonna take?	He should be back in a couple hours
Sal, we need you. We need you.	Hey, Nick. How can you need me
There's always a chance they'll confess.	Really?  I don't work with violent cases, I work with children.  But even a kid lies.  They love it when they get you to believe something that isn't true.  Don't you think Stargher would do the same
You my partner?	Officer Hector Sanchez, Sergeant. Hillside Academy.  Status G-8. Security Clearance 3.  One year Advance Technical Crime Analyst. Weapons Assistant.  FDA Junior Captain, Hollywood division--
"""Space Alien Revealed as Head of Time Warner; Reports Stock Increase.""  They print any kind of shit in these papers."	They certainly do. Two fifty-five
It's on the account of the shells. That's my hobby.	You collect shells
Poor Father . . .	Don't worry, Gina! Mummy and Daddy love each other
General Kutusov, I would like to call a meeting of my cabinet tomorrow morning and have you present this idea to them.  I think it has merit and is worthy of consideration.	I am at your disposal, Your Majesty
This is funny.	Yeah
Last night.  You were talking to someone in the corridor.	You must have been dreaming
Your faith in the veracity of the major media is touching, Jerry.  It indicates that the Age of Innocence is not yet over.  But seriously, Jerry, people aren't interested in Jim Garrison - they want the hard evidence!  They want to know why he was killed and what forces were opposed to...	Some people would say you're paranoid
Yeah?	On the bridge. How did you know that Tommy had your dog? That was no fucking hunch
I wrote sixty-three songs this year.  They're all about Joe, and I'm going to play every single one of them tonight.	I just saw Joe.  He's here
Our last game is this Saturday.	No shit
How come you got that stickknife hid in your bed-blankets, Preacher?	I come not with Peace but with a Sword
What did you do?	I'm always bad
You still wear the cable necklace I gave you.	Call me sentimental
Do you imply that I'm a queer?	God, no
Nobody knows about your mental retardation.	Nobody knows you barfed during junior high school graduation
The System Command Processor, it's the brain.	Cancer, brain... Brain Cancer
Is it over if they arrest you now?	Not if they arrest me -- or a thousand -- or ten thousand.  It is not only generals who know how to plan campaigns
I know it was a bad idea to close the store.	Listen to you
I'm fine. Kind of tired.	Yeah, me too
I found this at your brother’s.	Disney! How inter..
What's going on?	Mike, there's something that's been on my mind and I have to tell you about it
Mr. Gazzo says I should get two hundred or break the thumb.	Please, I need my hands to work -- Christ, don't bust my thumbs
Did you? Where?	In the can.  The hoosegow! Mrs. Winton's little boy. The Pawk Avenue Wintons, you know ... and plenty of do-re-mi.  He's in the jail-house now ..
Right.	Here
If I spill, my life won't be worth a nickel.	How much is your soul worth if you don't
Don't like the feel of it, Jack.	It's your own fear troubles you... We're here, aren't we?  For all the dark magic protecting it
I didn't say that.  Why would I say that?	Well Daddy and I were thinking that sometimes people tell a story about what they wish would happen
Oh, Nick... Nick!	Hello, Mimi
You'd take a polygraph on it?	If it'll make you happy
I'm afraid I spoke out of turn last night.	You think I'm just a gravy-train rider in a turned-around collar
Hands off your hip, Cole.	You're not scared, are you
I don't know how that got in the paper as a matter of fact – it surprised me it was so quick. I make an honest living.	'Course you do, Jake
Listen Neil, I appreciate your interest in me but I'm not like you.  When you say things, people pay attention.  People follow you.  I'm not like that.	Why not?  Don't you think you could be
A what?	Surely you are familiar with this practice, Mary Clarence.  Only when our lips are silent, can our prayers truly be heard
Oh.  I'd forgotten.	Fourteen times you told me.  I counted
-- I have a feeling you're going to tell me.	-- I'll tell you why.  It is because Miss Nicola Anders, supermodel with a SAG card God's gift to cinema, has it written into her contract that all cherry Mike & Ike's be removed from her candy dish along with strict instructions that any room she walks into should have seven packs of cigarettes waiting for her three of them opened, that there be a personal jacuzzi within eighty paces of her dressing room, and that any time she travels, her nanny must fly with her first class
Somewhere along the pipeline.	What about that hotheaded marshal, Sam Wilder?  I heard he was in the middle of this mess
Veil nebula.	Who cares
The old crew. Go find them. I can't help you with that. Since I've cleaned up the act a bit, they no longer come around... A pity how legitimacy makes you unpopular -	I Just don't know how happy they'll be to see m
Just don't tell Lydia.	Why not
Not just yet, baby. There's...there's something Daddy has to do.	To be a hero
...just talking to you....	Are your pants off
What?	Shhh..
I don't believe it.	What's the matter
"The Lord is remarkably tolerant of the charitable.  ""Jesse Woodson James."" Jesse James? The Jesse James?"	I could have lied I suppose, but I want this marriage to be legal. I just want you to know, I'm trying to start a new life here. I'm depending on your..
Nothing... I should never have left him...	Uhura, you did what was necessary.  Keep trying. You'll find him..
"For some fuckin' ""Sell ten thousand and you win the steak knives..."""	For some sales pro..
Thank you very much.	Whoah, what a day, huh
I don't know.	I'd like to talk to you about something
I got contacts. Listen Tom, if you pointed them at me I'd shit myself or do whatever you said to do. Either way you still get the desired effect.	They look nice, I agree . . . but lacking in criminal credibility, aren't they? I might get laughed at. How much do you want for these muskets
Good.  I want you to have a good time.	I am, Dad.  Dad
In the kitchen, under the sink.	No one goes anywhere alone. Least of all, unarmed
I just called.	Call her again
Hi, Grueller.	What are you grinning at?  You think I was scared
No Sir, the hotel is full because of the Diving championship.	Ah?
I don't think we're ready.	You're not ready
Everybody needs it.  Ask Prudential.  Or Allstate.	'Cause whatever can go wrong, will...
John, he's got my driver's license.	What
Waiter! She needs more water.	Can we get some service here
What telegram?	'Happy birthday, dear Adolf, love Wilhelm.' Or words to that effect. That sounds to me like you were dropping on your knees and saying, 'Okay, Adolf, you win. You're the number one man. Have a swell party.
I got the quick-and-ugly version.	An' now you're worried about a repeat of history
I'm not interested in a woman who's interested in that boy.	I'm not interested yet
Well, that's pathetic. Poor Rose, what a life she has had.	We make our own lives, Madam. As for malignancy, I don't think so, it's very unlikely. I probably shouldn't have even mentioned that possibility to her
He can learn.  He is learning.	You really think so?  Did you tell him you were pregnant
Maybe the gear crapped out....	If you hadn't been gassing about Hoagie...
No offense.	Manray needs a job
Jon -- what??	The south pole.  Time¹s flowing backwards
I told you, use less powder.	But you won't get that splatter effect
What about your rank or serial number?	No.  I think I was a pilot.  I was found near the wreckage of a plane by the Bedouin.  I was with them for some time
What can I do?	Kill me..
Like you? Oh, God, you don't know what you're asking.	I do know that for the sympathy of one living being, I would make peace with all.  I have love in me the likes of which you can scarcely imagine. And rage the likes of which you would not believe. If I cannot satisfy the one, I will demonically indulge the other. That choice is yours.  You're the one who set this in motion, Frankenstein
So Kurtz is alive.	Kurtz. I tell you, that man has enlarged my mind
Yeah, what did he do with his first one?	Bought himself a pocketbook
He was. He died.	Vietnam
Just what you underlined.	You're kidding...? Carol, you have beautiful hair
These appointments were not my idea, remember.	True. Should we stop them
And this so-called . . . Nuclear Man. . . of yours can defeat Superman?	Do people die in Italian Operas? Gentlemen, if all goes to plan Nuclear Man will return from the sun with power awesome enough to do what none before him has ever been able to . . . pierce Superman's skin. He'll be mortal, he'll get sick . . . and we'll dance on his grave
With you? I don't think so.	"Listen to you. Oh shit. ""Oh, I don't hang out with drug dealers."
Yes.	Doesn't sound like a mentor to me
What's this?	The main spire
He's got to...All these years, run- nin', dodgin', knowin' we were after him...Now we caught up...It's him or us.	Why didn't he make his move back there
Why not go to the N.C.I.C. or N.C.M.E.C.?	I figured you share information
But -- there's so much more to do right here.  And look, if it's about me, I mean, I'm gone.	Indeed.  After how long?  A few weeks? I have been here thirty years.  And yet, it would seem, I know nothing
It's daytime.	Mommy works hard so you can have all your pretty clothes. Don't you like your pretty clothes
Two-fifty? They go up?	Always two-fifty, my friend
He came by.	What?... What'd you do
Then she wasn't in the car.  <u>Say</u> it.	She wasn't in the..
Perhaps the three of us, Mr. Fink.	Please, Barton
That is my wife.	Look at all that meat. Isn't she the bitter end
Billy! I'm gettin' a vision!  You're the next one...	Hey, man, why'd you say that?
I hate to disturb you, but something came up -- it's rather important -- and I think it would be a good idea if you could see me -- at the apartment -- as soon as possible.	You're not making sense, Baxter. What's this all about
He's on the move?	I got an anonymous tip and an address in Cincinnati
No luck?	Next time, date only basketball players
You said -	Or, it might a been under the mattress
I've been in this room for eight years, Clarice. I know they will never, ever let me out while I'm alive. What I want is a view. I want a window where I can see a tree, or even water. I want to be in a federal institution, away from Chilton - and I want a view. I'll give good value for it. Crawford could do that for me, but he won't. You persuade him.	Who killed your patient
I didn't have any.	You had no inner feeling
Is this like your old convent?	Which convent was that, Sister
I'm serious, dude.  You always seem to be on top of things, even when you're tweakin'.	I guess there's just no substitute for good genes
There's Ilona.	What about her
You're a bit deaf, aren't you? I said what time do you go to bed.	Well..
Like what?	Maybe this Jeffrey guy is...is my real father. I mean...look at me, I have the hair of a dead person and...and my nose, no one in my family has this nose, it could be the nose of...a...of a complete stranger
Yes.	With how many people
See? I was right about you.	Don't be so sure
Then it's not an accident that they found us.	We don't think that's necessarily bad. At least it's a point of contact
You should be thanking me.	And, why is that
My father needs a doctor.  <u>Please</u>.	Hey, I've got a situation here, in case you haven't noticed
Not a whole lot. We take some classes together. He's got a bad rep, but it's mostly bullshit.	What do you mean
Yeah.	Yeah, you look tired... Listen, honey. when all this is over, I'm going to sit down and buy you a big, thick steak
You just left me without a phone call, a letter, nothing. All this time. Yeah, I guess I'm still a little mad.	That was eight years ago. Some people change, you know
That's okay -- really it is.	No it's not.  He should be here with me now, not trying to find some fucking bottle of Johnny Walker.  He's never been there for me.  I've always been alone
Mom --?	I told you you're not supposed to come in here
I have heard many confessions, d'Artagnan.  But even if I were not a priest, I could tell your heart has a secret weight, and it is hurting you to carry it alone.	The secret I carry I cannot share. Not even with God
Your handwriting -- nothing more naked. See -- nothing's quite touching the line -- that's vanity.	Well we certainly know that's true
Yeah, hey, oh god.  Listen, I wanted to... I don't know you very well, you know, but I wanted to ask you, how did you get Diane Court to go out with you?	I called her up
What?	You don't have to make conversation with me, I'm not my mother... do you have a thing about older women... that's sort of faggoty isn't it
Yes, I've got it.  Don't you think we'd better destroy it? So it won't fall into the wrong hands -- ?	Open it
Well...?	It's essential to his recovery; a purgative for the toxins in his mind
Why hasn't he got a head?	It was shot off long ago in the great battles that were fought here; with the British on one side and the Americans on the other
He was real scared nobody would believe him -- I could tell, even when he first stood up.	You could? How
I don't know but that used to be a window and I think that was a door.	Can you do the lock on it
I just came to say goodbye.	Where are you going
I'm just on vacation.	Now, so am I...What's so interesting about him
Hello, <u>King</u>.  How the heck <u>are</u> you...?  <u>Get</u> out...  <u>Get</u> out... Well, man, you fall in love like a <u>Hillbilly</u>...  Ditch the wife, toss the kids in the Pick-up,   Listen, King:  <u>Get</u> your fat redneck ass out here, <u>willya</u>...	...but the President wonders about the Possible Albanian Backlash..
What'd ya got there?	Keys
That's it. Lecktor called him a Pilgrim when he was talking to me...	'You're very beautiful
Because going down it's a big deal! I used to like a guy, we'd make out, and sooner or later I'd go down on him. But I only had sex with the guys I loved.	I feel sick
I said something.	I know you did
Telephone? The Gunthers across the valley. They're Mennonite. They have cars and refrigerators and telephones in the houses even.	No. I'd want a public phone
Jim, there is an historic opportunity here -	DON'T TRUST THEM. DON'T BELIEVE THEM 
You got that big retarded girl down there?	Uh...Yeah, Grandma.  She doesn't mean that.  Kinda lost the old filter with her last stroke
Didn't you say you needed some supplies to do this?	Uh...yes.  But..
This little guy thinks you're Robert Redford... the other one thinks you're Charles Bronson...	Tell them I'm not
Shut up! Where’s your wallet?	In my jacket. Left inside pocket
You? No can do. It's all set. Just a few of Tom's closest friends.	Now Phyllis, if you don't invite me, I'm coming anyway
Ma. If I'd won, I'd know about it. Someone would have notified me.	They've been blaring out your name on the radio for the last hour, blockhead
That transmitter is a vital link between V'ger and the Creator.	We have twenty-one minutes. Captain,    we can still save V'ger... and ourselves
It means shut up, Thelma.	So this is all my fault, is it
No, I mean you can do it from the cockpit.	Roger.  You better get back there and monitor the regulatory unit
You're a teacher, eh?  Maybe you're afraid to be a doctor, Toddy.	Afraid of what
How could I not?	Captain, don't assume he's anything like you are. You should resist the urge to think you know him
Don't say anything about anything.	Hi.  Will I ever sing again
Nothing like that will happen between us.	Maybe we ought to ask Stella
-- I hope you like Miss Shawn --	-- what, who? Oh she's very nice, yes -- I mean normally --
One hundred thousand dollar fine and three months?	One hundred and twenty-five thousand and nine months
Apollo almost sprints out of his corner -- feints and throws a pair of left-right combinations. Balboa drops beneath a left upper cut and lands a very solid shot on Creed's temple -- not much movement from Balboa, duck a left, a right, another left and explodes with a right hook to the temple -- I mean explodes. The Champ backs off.	There's no way Apollo expected this kind of hitting power
You lied.	I exaggerated
I don't know -- I was shocked. Why did you do that?	Ya puttin' me on, right
What? A black ship?  Where?  A black thermopod's been shot down ten miles back.	A black thermopod here?  On Earth?!  Why, John Gomez?  Why
No.	Did anyone else know about the baby
How did you hurt your hand?	Just an accident. Nothing
No shit.	You think Jack shot him
What do you do?	I'm a professor. I teach communications at N.Y.U
Well, I think you'd be a sensation in pictures.	But what bout accent?  Some people tink I haf too much accent
Good, have 'em down at Stenner's old Pool Hall before 3:00.  We're gonna run through the route tonight.	Okay, Twist, but you know if this blows up, I can't do ya no good downtown.  Gondorff is Federal
They work for Him.	Him...
Suppose that were the case?	But -- why...that would be an awful thing to do, sir
Some prophet guy?	"""Some prophet guy."" And a city man. But he had to travel to the desert -- where there was quiet -- to hear the words of God"
Oh I think he's cute.  How's the marriage part working out?	You're fucking desperate
I expect that's for you to know and me to find out ...	It was Peter -- I saw him ..
You know, the surest way to lose an appetite, is to drink, little sister.	Yes, Mama
My back.	What's the matter
Thank you, sir.	Now, as soon as you've done that, double- up on all base security teams.  Our enemies are plenty smart, and there might even be an attack on the base by saboteurs
I think I should go home.	Are you OK
No, Mother, he's lying...	Shut up, Doll. I'll cut your gut
You better watch yourself. There's a lot of heat on you already.	Why, somebody's complaining
Do you believe in astrology?	Absolutely not. But then, I'm a Gemini and Geminis don't believe in astrology
Spoken words?	No, but her words are in my head.  I know what you think, that it's a trick, that I'm making it up. No, the words I heard, were her words
Muncie.	Whatever. That's what sells newspapers
Quite. And this is why I came to visit. Have you heard about this CITIZEN KANE picture?	Over at RKO
We'll have to catch it and eject it from the ship.	Well, I kind of hate to point it out, but all our supplies are based on us spending a strictly limited amount of time out of suspended animation... and as you know, we used up most of that time in harvesting
First Nagasaki--now this.	How about breakfast, wife
Where are they?	Sit down
This isn't the bedroom.	No
And your coat.	Fraid not. It wouldn't fit him, anyway
Why don't we take oxygen?	We are...for the tools
Allow me some time.  I have spent every hour in the company of others. I need to be alone.	What troubles you
I disguised myself as an Alabama State Trooper and penetrated the FBI NCIC.	Pervert! What are you talking about
Don't be so sure. I like you even if you are dumb with numbers.	Then how come you won't hold hands with me at school 
Mr. Jung, can you describe the circumstances of how you began talking about cocaine with Mr. Delgado?	Shortly after I arrived at Danbury Federal Correctional Institute I related to Diego that the crime I was in for was smuggling marijuana. Diego told me he had high level connections in Colombia and they needed to find someone to help them transport cocaine into America..
Been away a lot.	Where else
He was quite impressed with your comments, Chauncey - he hears my sort of analysis from everyone, but yours, unfortunately - seldom if ever at all.	I'm glad he came, Ben. It was nice talking to the President
Terry, slow down.	Okay
Well, my parents are against it, and I know it's my choice, but I was wondering... What would you do if you were me ?	Figuring things out for yourself is the only freedom anyone really has. Use that freedom. Make your own choice, Rico
Silicon Valley?	That's right. So, brainiacs that we are, we thought we'd be innovative and relocate east. Try our luck with a straight corporate loan out here
I guess I don't have a hell of a lot of choice.	Get used to it.  You're in a very tenuous position on the food chain, hoss
Talk about being bent over the sink of life and being dry humped. I handed it to him on a silver platter. I told my father and those people...	Buddy, it's not your fault, and it's not your decision
We have a problem. Problem isn't the right word. Dilemma. No that really doesn't describe --  Do you know who that is?	Mr. Taylor
Wait a second there brother...	"No you wait a second. You and your ""Panthers"" got three choices. One you join with us and follow our rules. Two you change your name.  Or three you face annihilation"
And is that what you're going to do?  Is that what you're going to do...?	That's what I'm going to try to do
You've had dealings with the police before?	Who hasn't--one way or another
Nothing.	What'd he give to you
Maybe you should talk to him about it.	I can't... I just don't know how to..
You'll be linked during the entire operation.	Linked
I did not.	You did too. Sybok couldn't possibly be your brother because I happen to know for a fact that you don't have a brother
Is he here? Are you with Dickie?	No.  Hello, I'm Tom Ripley
Lighten up Adam. Show some character.	Don't talk to me about character
You?	For calling you a homo
That might depend on where you’re going.	I am Lawrence, sir. Mr and Mrs De Moraes’ majordomo. They are expecting you
No, no, no. No exploitation. This is serious…But don't you find it a little funny too, at the same time?	You've got a family tragedy on your hands. Will you tell me what's funny about that? About a kid in a coma
'OK.' So you just don't care.  Let me ask you, not as your guidance counselor, but...as a friend: what do you want to do with your life? I mean, what kind of long-term goals can you possibly have?	I dunno..
No, I mean, is he trustworthy? Is his word --	-- Now, just a minute. Who told you to ask me that
Not that stuff about her running away, him trying to find her.  That's bullshit.	What about witnesses
Yeah.	Quick question - do you know who I am
Better get some sleep, son, or you'll be pretty tired at school tomorrow.	Good night
"She doesn't want to do anything ""dishonest"". . ."	Ew. . .  the honest type
That's not possible.  No one can do that.	Corporation can
The river.	The river
of COURSE. You're not scared?	Of course I'm scared
Well, thank you for your help.	You're welcome, Truman
So...that doctor.	Exactly.  What happened to your face? Did Jackie Treehorn do that as well
No one of consequence.	I must know
I'm starting to... We may do the capitols of the states.	Fifty, right
The Lifeline is divided that way.	Well, life isn't that simple. So what if Ling Ling kept the cash and returned the wallet? That has nothing to do with either fear or love
Poor boy. I'm sorry your parents were so mad.	Who cares ! The Federation'll give me everything I need for the next two years, right 
Anyway, about ten months ago, I wound up in Jerome, workin' for Darlene.	Well, shit.  Could be worse.  I mean, we're both up shit's creek, but at least we have a paddle
Because of your information I alerted internal affairs to check out Detective Gordon.  I had to keep on with him as if nothing was different.  He slipped off on his own when he found out we were going to raid Frank's place.	Does Dorothy know her husband is dead
Joe, you want me to shoot him for you?	Shit, you shoot me in a dream, you better wake up and apologize
I put you on the floor.	Oh
When I traveled through Asia this summer, I went to tremendous trouble and expense to rent a car with a phone so I could call up Sports Phone in New York and get the scores. I drove through the war in Afghanistan calling Sports Phone like every hour on the hour, for updates.	What about my play
I know.	What do you mean you know?  He told you he was gonna propose to me
Beautiful girls?	Keep them coming
You're sweet.  And sexy.  And completely hot for me.	What
Mom!	The nurse called and said you'd be coming home
That bastard Pucinski...	Who?... Uncle Pooch?..
What's that? Free!	Just because they've got a choice of four McDonalds, doesn't mean they can afford a cheeseburger
Danny Witwer is scheduled for a tour of Containment tomorrow --	So give him a tour.  He doesn't know enough to ask the right questions
It would appear that the atomic arrays of these crystals store information. A remarkably efficient system.	And these 'sensor-swarms' collect that data, carry it here
Dude, somebody's on the rag.	Shhh
"Look at Jerry Graff.  He's clean, he's doing business for himself, he's got his, that list of his with the nurses...see?  You see?  That's thinking.  Why take ten percent?  A ten percent comm...why are we giving the rest away?  What are we giving ninety per...for nothing. For some jerk sit in the office tell you ""Get out there and close."" ""Go win the Cadillac."" Graff.  He goes out and buys.  He pays top dollar for the... you see?"	Yes
I'm only trying to...	I know what you are, I am <u>so</u> sorry that you...when I read that script I said there's only one person to play that part
- - which is called a gizzard, and it helps them mash their food, but what happens after a while - -	- - what happens is that after a while, the stones get smooth, every six weeks, so the animal regurgitates them - 
I need to see you, Jake.	Shit, Paul. I'd love to see you. But I'm kind of laid up here. I've been sick
I don't know.	Gee, that's very serious..
My name's Grant. Grant Ashby.	Oh god. I'm overbearing and rude. Lily. Lily Finn
Yeah, we're down.	What do you see
You get so carried away when you are being contradicted!	I've been contradicted all my life... Eternity
I beg to differ.  One is a command decision on your part.  The other represents nothing more than the occasional over-exuberance of field officers attempting to carry out their duty in difficult circumstances.	As long as your soldiers attack civilians, I will order the shooting of your officers at the outset of every engagement.  And my men are excellent marksmen
I'm needing lunch.	Right away, ma'am
What if I say no?	Then I'd have to kick your ass, dear boy.  Go on, now
Save it for your mother, funny guy. We heard it before.	Oh, Morgan
What's that?	He wrote me a nice deposition. He says he just received the drugs. You did the selling
We planted it.	Is this your shovel
Really?	From the psychiatric end
You're looking pretty chipper this morning.	I'm still here, aren't I? I may as well enjoy myself. I'm going to go to school today.  Dad, I want to apologize for yesterday. The car is a classic. Use it in the best of health
For this kind of hash, you need that kind of cash.	How long you gonna be here
Yeah, but I didn't do anything.	I'm gonna call the police then, sir
Good.  Can you tell me how to get to Beverly Hills?	Sure.  For five bucks
Promise that you won't try to look for me... you shouldn't try to look for me any more...	But why, Claudia?... Why
This used to be my specialty. I was good in a living room.  Send me in there, I'll do it alone. And now I just... I don't know... but on what was supposed to be the happiest night of my business life, it wasn't complete, wasn't nearly close to being in the same vicinity as complete, because I couldn't share it with you.  I couldn't hear your voice, or laugh about it with you.  I missed my wife.  We live in a cynical world, and we work in a business of tough competitors, so try not to laugh --  I love you.  You complete me.	Aw, shut up.  You had me at hello. _ 130
The Prince ... ?	Yes ...  make sure ..
We're safe -- long as it remains that color...  We're in the Pleural Sac.  It keeps the Lungs from rubbing against the Wall of the Chest up there. When those membranes become inflamed, we wind up with Pleurisy -- and a wracking cough.	Cough? If he can kick up a storm by just <breathing> -
She didn't love you?	"No. She loved me. She would never not love her son. She just didn't... I wasn't her ""type."" She said I was a very, colicky baby. You know? Difficult. Not a good sleeper? Didn't eat well? We got off to a bad start, and she never seemed to recoup -"
The world is teeming with women-- ours to enjoy.	Every time I start thinking like that I get the clap
Tracy.	Ethics are..
Six o'clock. I was having dinner.	Six o'clock in Berlin. They were having lunch in Cleveland.  Am I boring you, boys
I don't like sex. I don't think I'll be having sex ever again.	Why
Mmmm, no.  Not a good idea.	Conflict resolution is my job, Laura
Teddy Roosevelt, one of the local shrimp boat captains is in jail now. These people are friends of mine, so I must return and find out what happened.	This island of yours sounds like a kind of unpredictable place
Bear me no ill will, my love. We are now even.	What do you mean
Just for the record: what are the rest of your names?	Donald W. Blackburn, M.D
She wants to ignore the high school experience. Our way's better. We scare people into not being assholes.	Don't <u>even</u> talk about that stuff
What's the point? I'll just get the same thing...	Not acceptable. I want to know what's causing those readings. If the crew is dead, I want the bodies, I want the crew found
Dad, please.	Grandpa was so strong back then. Working from the crack of dawn. So proud of his peaches
On his prior, he served nine months, and he's working on four years' probation.	You don't say
You mean with you and everything?	`Bleed for your king.
And what am I supposed to say to the man?	The coach from Tennessee was there and he has me riding the bench
Like some vile toadstool.	I prefer to think, more like the sagacious owl
Were you always funny?	Hey, what is this-an interview? We're supposed to be making love
It doesn't matter anymore, forget it.	Of course it matters. Hey, hold on
Slow on the curves or we'll fly off the tracks!	Read you loud and clear, Indy
Good evening.	Hi. You have hard shells, right
Did I wake you?	I'm up
That we're going back.  I don't want it to end.  I don't want to be what I was when I left.	What was that
Alone?	Of course
The Empire must have gotten here first.	The planet has been totally blown away!  It would have taken a thousand ships with a lot more fire power than I've ever seen... If the Empire had a new weapon that could do this... I would have heard something... I'd know about it
Mother!	That man there
What would you say?	I'd show him my hearse. And my room, and stuff
What's that got to do with the radiator hose?	I don't know, but it's the reason I'm living here and you're just passing through.  Now you owe me a hundred-fifty dollars
Amy, listen to me. Death isn't such a terrible thing.	Oh, it is, it is! Death's terrible
The Singleman party, sir?	Oh -- yes. The Singleman party
What a great surprise.  I didn't think we had a chance.  I heard you wanted to stay in Washington.	Well, there's a guy, but he says he'll fly up a lot
Good evening, Gaston.	Good evening, Monsieur
He's doing very well. In fact that's why I came to see you. I think that if I were to present Mr. Merrick to the hospital committee, then they would have a chance to see for themselves not only the extraordinary nature of the disease, but of the man as well. If the committee had a chance to speak with him, hear him say a few words for himself, I'm sure they would see him as a patient, rather than as a violation of the rules.	A few words? I thought he was imbecile
I bet you did. I was never bent that way. I'm bent the other way. So, you liked it out there in the world.	It's too big
How you doin' tonight, beautiful?	Good. How're you
Mm. How, uh... how did he know that--	He's staying at the hotel I've gone to with, uh, with the lady in question. Must've seen us
My butt's bothering me!	You should kick your butt's ass. Huh huh huh
She hasn't got any sense. In some ways, she's awful dumb.	It isn't that she hasn't got any sense, Doll. Her basic intelligence is probably above average, maybe quite a bit above average
You remember.	No
Marge, Ripley's saying goodbye.	I'll come down
What are you smiling about?  They'll be back.	I'm dancing on the roof of the Peabody Hotel.  With Kelly
Yes, stroke it right along the maxillary and precaudal vertebrae.	THE WHAT?
Oh...	...you out of your mind? That's our child. Are you out of your fuckin' mind
--I'm not here.	OK
I only owe you a ride, Vincent.	It's not what you owe <u>me.</u> Time is so fleeting.  One day it's gone.  You make it out of this alive, Max, you really should call her.  That's what I think
My dory.  The Jolly Mon.  Where is it?	Safe!  At Port Royal.  With the Royal Navy
Tradition.	What the hell is going on
She's such a great photographer.	Hm
Yeah.  Who does he think he is? Knight Rider?	Who
But you're not?	In the whole courtyard, only one person didn't come to the window
Not even if they're a dork?	Not even if they're a dork.  You should go by and see how he's feeling
This looks like the best spot.	We're not going to sleep out here, are we
As I told you, it would be absolutely, totally, and in all other ways, inconceivable. No one in Guilder knows what we've done. And no one in Florin could have gotten here so fast. Out of curiosity, why do you ask?	No reason. It's only, I just happened to look behind us, and something is there
And here?	It depends on you
I have. Or there would be twice as many.	But you're the fairest by far
Yes.	Not me...no way..
Not yet, we need a few lengths of scaffold.	Why don't we just take the whole damn building, brick by brick Doug
Are you there?	Yes
But, Mr. Gittes.	Sophie
No.	Yes, I mean, who wants to read about another dead priest? It's about some other guy, some guy who's not a priest, who doesn't die. You see, it's better already
Ready for dinner, Brad?	Mr. Leland, if Mr. Kane, he should decide to drop the price to one cent, or maybe even he should make up his mind to give the paper away with a half-pound of tea - you'll just hold him until I get back, won't you
I don't want to go.	Go where
...<u>no</u>, they don't...	...they treat me like a <u>child</u>.  I, I...to bare my <u>body</u>
Can we talk some more when you get here?	We'll see you in a couple of hours
Why shouldn't I?	How many people in the bus
With, like, images?	Like... a Hawaiian sunset... the Grand Canyon. Things that remind you how beautiful the world can be
Come on, that's what you do. You handle more than eighty percent of the intelligence workload. You're seven times the size of the C.I.A.	"That's exactly right, Will. So the question as I see it isn't ""why should you work for N.S.A."" it's ""why shouldn't you?"
No, don't open it yet -- I'll be embarrassed.	Okay -- well, thank you.  I don't know what it's for.  But thank you anyway
No, no. It's an honest question. What are you trying to communicate?	I'm trying to communicate how I feel, Jeff. You know raise consciousness. Make people think for a change
You're a big girl, huh?	I'm not a big girl but I'm not a baby
At least you didn't get turned down for Goofy...	They turned you down
You could have married Sam Wainwright or anybody else in town.	I didn't want to marry anybody else in town. I want my baby to look like you
-- Tonight he forgot.	Yes, I come, I will do it
Coffee? Nah, I gotta go.	What's wrong, Stephen?  C'mon, you only beat up the roof when something's on your mind.  How's Brian doing
I was misinformed.	Huh
It's healer to killer.  Is that the same thing?	What brought you back
One more?	Why not
Not much further.	You never went, uh, all the way
Well, if she's got any sense at all, she'll listen to that.	Sense doesn't mean anything to Rose. But I think we're on safe ground now. Daddy chained up the ladder, whoever it is can't get in the house
Four times this week I've had him. Aren't there any other units out there?  Don't answer the radio. They'll give it to someone else.	Thirteen Zebra. One-Three Zebra. You're going out of service in two seconds
Don't you want to change that?	"Let me tell you something, doctor. Chicks love a guy with a bad rap. They say they don't, but they don't mean it. They all think that they're the ones that are going to ""save me."" The trick is to let them think it's true"
Do you know what you destroyed?	Take the dope, too
Suck my balls.	Yeah,  <b>Shut your fucking face, Unclefucka!!</b
A diary?	That's right
We are trying to stand out. Right near his address. Easier to get them to come to us, than to try and find them. ..now keep your eyes open, something might present itself.	I'm running in circles in the middle of some foreign country. I don't speak their language, they don't speak mine. I don't even know where I am. What's going to present itse.......
You know what I told you, you even think of leavin' me, I'll kill you dead as a doornail.	That might be better than this
Total delirium.	That's some gash. His guts keep spilling out
Look Harold, they're vulnerable, alright, but we don't want 'em to think they're under accumulation. Go slow. Call Geneva and the Bahamas for me, will ya? We feint towards it but we wait...	What about tipping off Yurovich
And why is that?	Because you listened
Oh, you won't -- you were pretty tough about Judge Ramsey -- a little while ago --	And they never proved anything against him
Because it's about <u>purity</u>...	That's...that's <u>exactly</u> what it's about. Take..
One keg of Beast for the basement, then, truck's dry.	Gonna stay for a couple
Sidney: I don't understand him.  We know he re-arranges the kids and husbands into a dead audience.  To witness the act. We know he thinks the act is making him into something different. His 'becoming'... but I don't know what it is he thinks he's becoming.  The answer is something to do with how he uses the mirrors. That's what's missing for me.  Why the mirrors?	The usual motivation doesn't apply to him, nor the way he uses them.  I don't have an answer for you.  Listen to me, my friend: leave this
No, honey, not to be a hero. But I want you to remember something for me, all right?	All right
Where are you going vit the light?	I need it.  How'm I gonna find the fuse
"Did ya ever see ""The Chinese Professionals""?"	I don't believe so
Can I ask - my friend, can he come in? Just for a few minutes?	Your friend
Thanks for coming to get us. Little brother almost scared us to death.	Dude, your chick's a little high strung
How's Jonah taking it?	It'll take him a while to come around.  A month ago he called one of those radio call-in shows and told them I needed a wife -
And then they'll kill 'em.	At least
I can just imagine, being around so much money all the time...	Gambling's not about money
I... I wish I could, Enid, but I really can't right now... I -- it's just that I --	Well when can we do something
Look, Dick, I don't -	No problem, Elliot. I'm just fuckin' wit ya, that's all. Actually, I'll tell you but you gotta keep it quiet. Understand, if Dick didn't assure me you're good people I'd just tell ya, none of your fuckin' business. But, as a sign of good faith, here it goes: I gotta friend in the department
Those are Tigers, they have six-inch armor, they don't even notice grenades.	Would they notice and eighty-eight
Holy shit, this guy's all fucked up!	No shit, he's gonna fuckin' die on us if we don't get him taken care of
Let me review here: You're...what are you...you've...it's all over between us?	I'm sorry
And... Here is a deposition I have made. If it is not sufficient, I will return to Earth to testify.	Don't concern yourself, Saavik. Your leave has been granted for good and proper cause.  How are you feeling
Then I can pull this trigger, and it won't matter.	Doug, don't
No, BIGGER!  What's the biggest energy??	The sun
You do see me standing here, right?	I can't be nice to a fan
Well, most people are stupid.  You want to talk about odds? One day I'll tell you how I survived as the youngest in a family of three sons. You wanna talk about odds?	Why not tell me now
We had our atomic wars -- thousands of years ago.  After that we fought with bows and arrows. Then, slowly, we learned that fighting is no solution -- that aggression leads to chaos.	We scientists understand this. Even we primitive scientists.  What exactly is the nature of your mission, Mr. Klaatu
It might be paranoia, but I've never lost my keycard before.	'Paranoia is what separates the secured from the unsecured.
I guessed.	I don't understand
I don't know, Mom; I've never met Bobby.	Aren't we the chatty ones.  Kiss noise
The floor was wet. She slipped!	Why was the floor wet
Father - may I ask you a question in private?	Certainly, my son, certainly. Is there something troubling you, my son? Don't be shy to speak up. Remember, I know all the urges that can trouble young men deprived of the society of women
Yes.	I have to change and take a shower first. If you want to come home and wait
No. There's no way. I mean, don't you think there's no way?	Well, no, I don't see any way.  And I know how hard it is for you to -- to lose this chance
No, no -- you can't stay or they won't come!	Why not
You're kidding?	It happens.  This is where you'll be sleeping
What...is...it?	Where are you going
Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. We're honored by your presence.	You may dispense with the pleasantries, Commander. I'm here to put you back on schedule
I am in awe of it, Mother.	I don't think you are sufficiently in awe of it. Get the castor oil
I can't believe it. Whatever happened was an accident.	Two in a row
That New-York-Italian-Father- made-twenty-bucks-a-week-son- of-a-bitch.  What was our bet?  A million?	Million five, lover..
Nightmare.	It's a tightrope, Spud, a fucking tightrope
Oh, let it ring.	But one of your friends may be in need of you. You must answer
It was you who did the asking.	He doesn't think you run mind games on him
It's not so much.	Look, if you can get them to finish it by Friday, you and your friends can do the opening performance that night
What did I do to you?	You've made my dreams silly
What do you mean?	You're not gonna make some deal with that guy, are you?  I mean, I just wanna know
So it was recently that you tried this.	Well, kind of recently, I guess. But not too recently
We're going to die, aren't we...	I'm not the one to ask..
I'm just saying it was cold.  I think she kind of liked me.	She didn't even know you. 
Actually, you can't cut, can you? You'll fall over.  Give me the pliers.	No. But he hands them over
You shot the leopard. We know that. You killed Consuelo. You killed Clo Clo. Then tonight --	I didn't do anything. She screamed. Something frightened her
Go on home. Just leave me the money.	Go to hell
Proprietor of a London firm.  Of longstanding.	I see
But you, God, you knew that was going to happen sooner or later.  I can't live like this!	Who is it
Hello Mickey. We've never been introduced, but I'm Wayne Gayle. I don't know if you've ever heard of me or remember me. I was one of the reporters outside the courthouse during your trial---	Everybody knows who you are. You're famous
I didn't strain. I sighed.	I don't think so. That was a grunt; a deep inhalation of oxygen to aid in the stretching of muscles. I'm a trainer. I know what that sound signifies: you're out of shape
I knew what he wanted, and I didn't want any part of it.	Fuckin' walking around with a big head. You better check yourself..
Birdy's in the parlor--I'm on long distance here.	Sure, Walter. Thanks
<u>You</u> called <u>us</u>, Doctor Hudson.	Yes, I did.  Poor impulse control. The accounts of the firs two murders made it so clear they were the work of the same man, but you kept announcing they were unrelated.  You'll never catch him that way
Do you wanna tell me what that was all about?	Yeah.  I want to tell you everything
We must prepare for the coming of Gozer.	Okay, I'll help you.  Should we make some dip or something
"Stuffy in here.  Well... the mattress is soft and there're hangers in the closet and... stationary with ""Bates' Motel"" printed on it in case you want to make your friends back home envious... and... the... over there...."	The bathroom
Okay, and listen, I would like to hear what made you suddenly decide to drop out of life.	Oh, who cares
Short? It's ended.	Oh, terrific
That won't be easy, my friend ... What brings you here, anyway?	Repairs ..
Yes, I go now.	Well don't go now Karl the stores aren't open yet
I don't know.  It's incredible to think that anyone could be capable of doing that -- but if anyone could it would be Rebecca.	I take it you don't like Miss Lawson very much
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, the record company, they make me use it, you know. I mean, it's dumb, I know, it's just...	No, it's not..
What, Justin, what shows you?	It won't stop, it goes on and on and on..
You want to go through those?  I'm taking them to the Thrift Shop. It's Marcia Vaughn's pet charity. Pick out what you want to keep -- it's mostly your city clothes.	I used to wear this to the Garden. Garbage strikes. Dog shit. Muggers.  Ship it
Can you make it back up?	Grace -- in the trunk of my car is a tow rope. It should reach down here. Go get it, throw it down
No one knows?	Me, me, me
"Remember, George, ""It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong."""	That's good... who
Meditations on a Banana Slug was a delightful read.	Thank you so much. I love slugs. All slugs, not just banana slugs
Anything...Anything the Godfather wishes.	Good.  He never doubted you
How did you get started working for the spooks?	Spooks
THE FOG, TERROR TRAIN, PROM NIGHT -- How come Jamie Lee Curtis is in all these movies?	She's the Scream Queen
Oh, he's got no problem with that: I'm his fourth.	I'm confused
That's where you live.	We live in a theater
No. I cannot take orders from that underwear model. That wingnut washed out of NASA for sneaking two Victoria Secret wannabes into a flight simulator.	Youthful high spirits
I could name five girls at school who have one just like it--	Enough with the clothes-
Oh, surely one can have a tiny touch.	If you so much as breathe heavy on them, I'm out on strike
What if you can't make yourself happy? What if everything falls apart?	"Well then, I don't know. You know what you do then? You forget. Block it out. I remember when I was a little boy. My grandmother told me to be happy. She said. She said, ""Leon, my darling little grandson. If you want to be happy don't think. Don't bump into any walls. If you stutter. Don't talk"" And I took her advice. And look at me now. Couldn't be happier"
I need your help.	You are seriously mistaken if you think you are going anywhere in my..
Call 'em up.	Yah, well, see, I did that, and I haven't been able to get 'em, so I thought you maybe'd know an alternate number or what have ya
I've been looking for him.  Do you know where he is?	He's probably leaving some more of me around the place before he goes
I'll trade you my Porsche for Debbie. An even swap.	The car for Debbie
I hope so...	This is...this is...a very special moment..
Only he doesn't know about me and Faith.  So I say to myself, if I turn the job down, he just gets somebody else.  And I lose Faith... to coin a phrase.  So to buy time, I do the skank.  I still gotta do something about Tran... I figure it's him or me... but I can't cap him without a chump to take the fall.  And who better than his girlfriend's loser ex-boyfriend... a known criminal... who has been seen hassling them in public numerous times.	And who was, regrettably, also your best fucking friend
<i>Holy shit... this bitch is fierce.</i>	I've been training since I was twelve. Knives. Guns. Throwing stars. You name it... I can fight with it. I'm a hard worker and a fast learner.  Nothing scares me. I'm not afraid to die
What did you see?	Well.  Maybe we should discuss this somewhere else, you know what I mean
Now, you said the gravitational forces in this sector have been altered, could that also affect the course of the ribbon?	I believe so
I got shot.  Look -- there's a gas station up ahead.	Shot!  Who shot you
You don't.	It's my new perfume.  Great White, the Man-Eater
We're not ready.	Hip alternative types who will understand the process bette
What did you do to Buzz?	You played bouncy-bouncy with Sheila, so I'm gonna play Blue-Face with you
So how long to pop the floor?	Twenty four seconds--as long as it takes the clock to strike twelve
The killer called her.	What?  When
If this is what the world will be like, I don't want to live in it.	I don't believe we have the luxury of choice
Yes?	How about taking to Uncle Larry into the old firm? He's a useful guy to have on your side
She wanted something to help her sleep.	Mary, we really have to go
Technology in the wilderness. Only problem is talking to you on your way to the landing strip.	I've got an idea.  We'll have to work fast
How do you know how bad it was?	Why couldn't you stay here with me
He showed me a book with a picture of a couple caught kissing in a street...	How’s the boy doing
Well, I'm not impressed.	I knew you would not be. That's why I chose you
It's not real.	What's real to you? Wall Street? Capital Hill? Now they are myths
I like this case.	Really?  It makes me sick
I'm calling the police.	What were we doing officer? Why didn't we help her? Well...we're all a bit high, you know, bachelor party, that kind of thing. Fisher here is getting married in three days...Beautiful wife ...he didn't have anything at all to do with it...It was all Micheal here... just Micheal..
You like kids?	Never saw the point of 'em
No, I'm just testing to see how deeply perverted and impulsive you are.	Very
That's it.  Back to obedience school.	Okay -- have a seat... gently, carefully
You take this.  I ain't hungry.	Whatta ya mean? You ain't et today
What?	I believe I can bring him back
I call the sheriff.	No! No police
Right, bridesmaid. Now what have I left out? Oh, yes, I know: the ring.	Ring
Well what shall I swear by?	Do not swear at all; Or, if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self, Which is the god of my idolatry, And I'll believe thee
Three days. I was worried about you. How are you feeling?	Solid
You got me, Commander.	That's your expert opinion
All right, then, I'll just run the story that Sheriff Hartman is afraid to let reporters interview his prisoner. Of course, with election coming, that might do you a lot of harm, but just as you say.	Now, wait a minute! I'm not afraid of anything. What were you going to write about Williams
Let me put it this way: have you ever heard of Plato, Aristotle, Socrates?	Yes
Who we working for?	A guy named Gordon Liddy.  Thinks he's Martin Borman.  You wanna meet him
I do.	I was hopin' you would. I know that night by heart. Sometimes, honey? I think it's the best night of my life
Well, I guess that's all till tomorrow.	Okay, thanks very much
Yes.	out again
Mm.	A couple of guys, I owe them. So, that's what I did. I gave 'em the money.  That's what I did
Computer guy.	Yeah... Hey, I saw you at your dad's dealership the other day
I had no idea how powerful it was.	Eighteen men were k- killed in sec-..
Yes.	But times were different then. I was a man at that age. The master of a large plantation just south of New Orleans..
So, how long you've been living here?	Long.  You just got off the train and stayed without knowing anyone there
No, thank you, really, Mrs. Pilletti.	It's a very sad business, I tell you. A woman, fifty-six years old, all her life, she had her own home. Now she's just an old lady, sleeping on her daughter-in-law's couch. It's a curse to be a mother, I tell you. Your children grow up and then what is left for you to do? What is a mother's life but her children? It is a very cruel thing when your son has no place for you in his home
I like your stories.	And I like you
No, you wouldn't -- You're not the sort of woman that's afraid of smoke -- or fire -- But now let's talk about your affairs.	Goodness, Mr. Webster, I've done nothing but talk about that all through dinner
Now I am truly embarrassed. Forgive me. I should not have asked such a stupid question. I know you are a very important man and...	No. Don't be silly. It's just..
Druggist supplies. Buster here is gonna get an award.  No, he sold seventeen thousand bucks' worth of stuff last month. Fastest boy in the territory.	Yep. Fastest and the bestest... Hey, give us another round, will ya? One for him, one for yourself
Awww... deep down I'm a bastard, but when ya got eight kids ya can't make enemies.	Guess so. Ya got a minute? I got somethin' for ya
You will wish you hadn't.	Fuck you
So when was I here?	What do you mean
He's cracked up.	He is not cracking up
Very ambitious. I like that.	The thing is, I'll need a first mate
Yeah, I know! But for the moment you're not yet a woman. So, be patient... I need time... And you too. You have to grow up.	I don't grow up any more. I just get older
Did you /hear/ that, Oliver.	Yes, Betty.  But the false promise of a new dawn is usually followed by a most bloody sunset
Oh, what a chance! If I could just  --  get to him.	You're not the only one
No.	Boy can't shoot for shit, either. Goddamn that's hot
Fuck regrettable!  I want to know why.	What for?  You need to stay busy
Don't ever do that again.	All right
Yes.  For a whole year.	I thought you said three years
To do what?	I just can't leave without first searching those islands, one by one
Police.  Nobody move.	He tried to kill me
What else have you got?	"According to White House personnel, Hunt definitely works there as a consultant for Colson. But when I called the White House Press office, they said he hadn't worked there for three months. Then the P.R. guy said the weirdest thing to me.  ""I am convinced that neither Mr. Colson nor anyone else at the White House had any knowledge of, or participation in, this deplorable incident at the Democratic National Committee."
Because I'm professionally concerned about him. And he'd pick up on that. He's fast. He hates being prodded and poked.  So do I.  What do you want?	His nervous breakdown followed Hobbs. Could he kill again if he had to save his life? Or would he hesitate
Dignan. Take it easy.	Bob
You re so kind, mister. You're kind. You're a kind man. I can tell.	Shhhh...it's okay
But what are they? Can't you remember?	I wrote them down in my Diary so that I wouldn't have to remember
-- Yes.	Okay, I have a confession to make.  But you aren't going to like it
Buffalo chips. Fella in Santa Fe told me he sells these as fast as the buffalo can squeeze 'em out.	So when did Buddy leave
I see.	I doubt it. And these two other people, did they hear anything
Tell me about it, please!	It's very difficult to put into a nutshell, but I should say the theater is the shrine of the imagination, where one may suspend disbelief and travel anywhere in the world, to any time you desire. You may look over the shoulders of kings, unobserved, battle with ruthless tyrants, and marry the beautiful princess, all in the space of a few hours. Onstage you may be whoever you wish to be, do anything you please, and always, always live happily ever after. The theatre is all the brightest and best things of the world, Mr. Merrick. It is lights and music, gaiety and joy. It's... well, it's romance
Probably a touch of what's going around.	I know what I got, Max.  They put me back on that drug they're giving the other vets.  Only the guy does those cable hacks says the stuff's no good
How long will I stay here?	I promise you. You will never see the inside of that horrible place again. You will never, ever go back to the workhouse... or that man. It's a splendid room, don't you think
You're mad because I shot your girlfriend's dog.	It wasn't her dog. It's her husband's --  Who said anything about girlfriend
I thought we were just having a conversation. You seem to be reading all this meaning into it. Meanings I must be too simple to, uh... interpret or something.	I already apologized
No Doyle. Vaughan don't want to come to a party with you.	Too late, Honey. Fooled you. Done called him. He'll be here.  Or I'll go get him. Come on Karl, I need you to help me ice down a tub of beer, you and Frank
It's as simple as that. You've been on our ward six hours and have already simplified the work of Freud, Jung and Maxwell Jones in one grand analogy: it's a pecking party.	I'm not talking about Fred Yoong or Maxwell Jones, buddy, what I'm talkin' about is that crummy meeting and what that nurse did to you
I'd like to, very much -- but it depends on what dispatches are waiting for me on the mainland.	In case you do so, would you -
"That's what I gotta tell you. She bugged me the whole time. Got pissy with me 'cause I wouldn't let her carry the bag. Started running her fuckin' mouth... I couldn't remember right away when we came out where the car was parked, so she got on me about that. ""Is it this aisle Lou- is, is it that one?"" She was totally fuckin' with my nerves."	So what, you left her there
Not things that anyone can notice, but things that people who shine can see.  Just like they can see things that haven't happened yet. Well, sometimes they can see things that happened a long time ago... I think a lot of things happened right here in this particular hotel - over the years, and not all of them was good.	What about Room 237
Central Services don't take kindly to sabotage!	...sabotage
I followed them.  An hour from the train station.	How many men
Charming. More delightful people crippled.	Great. Consider yourself crippled -- financially. See if you can jar your charming friends loose from enough to eat on
Where's Alice?	Alice who
I'm sure Cort and Sissy are back in their cabins.  So you just go back to sleep and don't worry.	But what I get scared again
Tough guy.  What are you--How's your head.	Yes, and my giraffe loves it, too..
My what?	Your help
Can't you stay with us a little?	I am busy inside
Or mud carriers.	And there's no shame to that.  It's all the same here.  Everyone has an important job to do.  We all work together and couldn't survive without each other
Salazar's been taken down.  He was working for Porfirio Madrigal.	What?  I thought Madrigal was dead. I thought it was verified
-- who can say. He's off his onion, y'know, he's old school Sicilian, this is how they hate.	Wow
My fuckin' head.	Your fuckin' head, huh? Don't fuck around, Tony
You needn't be embarrassed, madame. A lady as charming as you would, and <u>should</u>, get love letters.	M'sieu Laval
Antiques? What the fuck do we know about antiques? We rob post offices and steal cars, what the fuck do we know about antiques?	If it looks old, it's worth money, simple. So stop fucking moaning and rob the place
I know, that was some crazy shit. I never in a million years would have believed it if I hadn't seen it.	A decent meal every once in a while wouldn't hurt either, this road food is crap
No, but... why do you ask that?	What happened to your mother?  Is she still alive
Are you telling me no?	No I'm sorry, now I have to get off the phone...
Eve. I've heard the most wonderful things about your performance-	Mostly relief that I managed to stagger through it at all..
Sure you don't want any salad?	No, I do not want any goddamn... what was all that shit on the phone about the new Buicks
If she comes down here, so help me I'm gonna mash her brains in. Everything in your life was sunlight and roses until you met her.  Since then, forget it.	She doesn't have anything to do with it!  You understand that? Mother?  This is me
Yeah, I saw them	Because if you missed any, I just happen to have copies here you can take with you when you leave now
- could take weeks, sir.	Thank you, Mr. Scott. We were to return to spacedock, the killers would surely manage to dispose of their incriminating footwear
I found it at this neat survivalist bookstore on Ventura.	Well what you reading it for
Well, I used to live there. I used to live there for years. You know, but it's gotten-it's so dirty now.	Yeah
Well, I'm a writer, actually.	You don't say. That's a tough racket. My hat's off to anyone who can make a go of it. Damned interesting work, I'd imagine
Why?	Because you're coming home
Intensely.	But wouldn't that drive you out of Regan
I...I wasn't thinking.  I just did it.	That's jazz, my friend.  You said it yourself.  So don't tell me you don't know how to play between the notes
I'm in love with Margo. Hadn't you heard?	You hear all kinds of things
Back in South Africa...  long time ago.	What was he like
You wanna score some go-fast?	Not tonight
No.	Are you scared
I'm not sure, yet... I graduated last spring.	What did you study
Then we go after him.	Bet the last place you ever go
What?	This Ellingson security creep. I gave him a copy of the disc you gave me
If they are, they're screening their calls.	Range 3000 meters and closing
I'll get in trouble.	You are in trouble. Now do it
Yes, Spock.	Engine room reports auxiliary power restored. We can proceed at impulse power
I have to tell you something --	We gotta find a way outta here is what we gotta do
With two or three days' practice, you'll be able to use it as well as I can. Then we'll have a chance of fighting our way out of here.	Two or three days! While Lyssa is in their hands
Comrade Buljanoff...	Comrade
Is that you. D?	Yes, are you okay...?
In part, yes.	He's not the man who's cast a shadow here
They <u>will</u>, sir.  We <u>train</u> them, to the figurine, <u>eventually</u>, they consume a man, say, 80 kilos, say, in...	...tell them..
I wanna take that fucking Blind In- stitute to pieces .. Every address book, every phone call, everyone in and outta there in the last 5 years ..	For a <u>dead</u> <u>dog</u>
I don't know, but you seem sort of distant.	Let's just do it, all right
Prosit.	Prosit
And the rule was...	Never to pretend to know more than I did
Mind if we sit down?	I'd prefer you didn't.  I'm very busy
You can't.	There must be some way
Free?	Oh sure. Big fan like yourself. It's the least I could do
I can take care of myself.	You and Creasy both. A two man army according to Interpol. Panama. Lebanon with the Druze. Desert Storm. Where you were contracted by the U.S. Army to hunt down elite Iraqi military commanders.  You two were a married couple
Where are you going?	Out
Hey, Chil? Since you're goin' out to L.A. anyway.	What've you got
Jesse, have you ever noticed that when you're trying to charm your way out of trouble, your accent gets all farm boy?	Aw, shucks, ma'am..
Like recognizes like.  I'm pretty tough, myself.	You, me and White, huh
Why not?  If you hit twenty homers this year you'll be the all time minor league champ!  The record's	247 home runs in the minors would be a dubious honor, if ya think about it
Seems to be some sort of vaulted chamber up ahead...	Don't get too far
Come on, a wuss like me?  The stiff who wouldn't help her own daughter fight back?	Maybe I was wrong on that one
Oh, Adam, the model looks so good. The Historical Society will love it.  You've finished the streets?	Almost
Okay...	Lemme call him now. Make sure he's not already busy tomorrow night
He didn't.	Oh, he did
What are you looking for exactly?	The books themselves or maybe some pages he ripped out
Tell him next time he pulls any shit, you're gonna kick his fat ass.	Next time you pull any shit, I'm gonna kick your fat ass
Um... Liz -- I -- there's something I'd like you to -- something I need you to hear.	Well. Is it long?? I'm going out, but -
Is your niece older than 12?	Oh, she older than that
One night with me!	You think you're kidding
And her lips?	Oh, Thomas, her lips! The early morning rose would wither on the branch, if it could feel envy
I thought you quit the band - I never hear you practice anymore.	I don't really need to practice. I just play a few notes, you know, so I thought maybe I'd stay in
Since, on the eleventh of June of this year -- when the first negotiations for a merger...	Thank God we're beginning at the beginning
"Bag means condom now? I can't keep up with the word ""bag."" It used to be ""No, that's not my bag"" -- meaning not my thing. But now ""my bag"" means ""my fault."""	I still thought it was a purse
I'll risk it.	Why take the risk
Oh -- Sunday is good for me to meet your folks. We get a big family audience on Sundays so it works out.	That's lucky
If this is some sales pitch I'm not buying --	You don't understand
... What does that mean?	He means our chances of getting home are not very good. You might have lived a longer life if you'd stayed where you belong
Do you have to point that?	Absolutely.  And Topanga Canyon has a hell of a lot of potholes if I recall
My window - - through which I see the world.	It's beautiful -- that searchlight - the stars -
That's what I'm telling you, baby. The babies love that stuff. They don't want all that sensitive shit. You start talking to them about puppy dogs and ice cream. They know what you want. What do you think? You think they don't?	I know. I know
Yeah, got to do something about you.	You putting a hurtin' on my vision
Do guys actually believe their lame, self- serving excuses?	Max-
Why?	Just. I don't know why. I'm asking
How interesting.	Not very
The scar. Which of you has it?	Nobody
No complaints.	But--I mean--for a woman--And--you've done awfully well-
Sorry about yesterday ... Some big deal came together, no, fell through, and --	'S'okay, I had to go home, feed my cat
Well, sir? Which is it? The wireless, or Benes' life?	Send the following message..
No, I'll kill you. .	Listen Fred. You did this for four years on the show. You can do it now... Put your hands on the controls.
Does it burn?	Burn??  Are you kidding?  It's freezing
Can you? I'm happy being a dealer. At least the punters keep their hands to themselves.	You called the casino a cesspit
So she's uh, flourishing?	She makes felt wallets. Got one right here
Yes...That's Aunt Em.	Her -- her name is Emily
Darryl.	What
You should've done what I did. A clean break.	Lynette told me it really tore her up when you didn't call this week
I remember you now.  Shit.	Foley's not going to make it.  And if he goes down, Glenn, you go with him
Nothing.	Too late for what, Sheila
There you go again, blaming yourself.  Can't you see what she's done to you -- she's taking advantage, mocking you.  You deserve better than Simone.  I've got to go, Dad.	Lainey..
I think it would be better for me to go alone.  I'm sure Sim is looking for you.  Just sit tight.  I'll bring you back a pizza.	No cheese
It's obviously an aborticide.	Obviously
So.  Hopeful.	It's promising, this one.  We're upbeat
It was the tower again... and the bell, and the old Spanish village...	Yes -
What do we do?	Whoever it is isn't shooting at us..
No. What is happening?	Maybe you don't know. I know you though. You're Jeffrey Beaumont and I know where you live and I know ways to get you and I know ways to kill you
No, no more for me.	Well, hello. Haven't seen you in a long time
Well, I'm a working girl, Mr. Gittes. I didn't come in to see you on my own.	When did you come in
They are evil, cursed, they matter not.	Well, okay then
This isn't fair, you know. Do you always get what you want?	No, almost never
......she forgot her purse at my work and I wanted to get it back to her.	No she didn't; that's a lie
Well, it's kind of skanky. Isn't that what you girls call it? Skanky? Skeevy?	Please stop now
I went with you.  Now I'm gonna marry Johnny and you're gonna leave me alone.  Right?  A person can see where they've messed up in their life, and they can change how they do things, and they can change their Luck. Maybe my nature does draw me to you, but I don't haveta go with that. I can take hold of myself and say yes to some things and no to something that's just gonna ruin everything! I can do that. Otherwise, what is this stupid life that God gave us for what?  Ronny? Are you listening to me?	Yeah
Like this? Look at me! LIKE THIS?	Well we can't just stay here -
"Don't tell me ""No."" I saw you lookin' at him. Why, you like him?"	I'm not interested in him
I've got a lock!  There!	Come on
I want you out of here! I want you out of here!	Let go of me! Let go of me
Well, they can be.	I see friends from university -- clever chaps -- been in the business longer than you -- they're scraping by on seven, eight thousand a year. It's no life.  What sort of acting do you do
I had everything in that bag.  My C.K. shirts... my D.K.N.Y. shoes...	Yeah, uh huh... yeah?  Oh..
You think of the weirdest damn things to say sometimes, peanut. Ain't we been doin' a pretty fair job this far?	Oh, you know exactly what I mean, honey? It'd make the future so simple and nice
A girl's always gotta look her best.	I think lipstick looks fake, no-ones lips are that color
I'll give you fifty cents.	That's a Franklin Mint piece. Eight dollars
What happened?	Don't run off --  like everything's settled the minute you make up your mind
Curiosity, I guess.	About what?  How to improve your breast stroke
No you don't: But I'm gonna ask you one more time: Are you alone in here?	What does it look like
Yes, she committed suicide yesterday. That's not news. I heard about it last year.	Oh, yeah? Maybe she didn't commit suicide. She may have been murdered
Honey, calm down now... it's okay...	There's a man.  I woke up next to a man ..
You don't recognise me? You had me barred. You fucking little worm.	Wait a minute. You got yourself barred
Eventually, Cassius. But first we corrupt as many as we can so that when we do destroy them...	...their damned souls will be ours
That's the Maharajah -- that kid?!	Maybe he likes older women
He's special.	He can imitate anything, you just watch him
What's the matter with her?	Too much excitement. How about the surrey. Can you fix it
I always wondered what happened with us.	I haven’t thought about that in years
I don't drink beer.	Mommy won't know.  You can do anything you want right now.  Mommy won't know
Lenny, this shit's illegal.	Define illegal
I know.  And I'm sorry.  I've been consumed with...my daughter left...for school.	This fence...it's so..
I mean where have you been? Nobody's seen you around for a while.	I've been here.  I guess I haven't been out
He filed half of them, he filed the big one.  All the little ones, I have, I have to go back and...ah, fuck, I got to go out like a fucking schmuck hat in my hand and reclose the...  I mean, talk about a bad streak. That would sap anyone's self confi... I got to go out and reclose all my... Where's the phones?	They stole..
How you plan to do that?	Just like I did the hat. Have a hold of the sucker when you wake me up
Louise... no matter what happens, I'm glad I came with you.	You're crazy
Who is he! Edie, you're so softhearted and soft-headed you wouldn't recognize the devil if he had you by the throat. You know who this Terry Malloy is? The kid brother of Charlie the Gent, Johnny Friendly's right hand, a butcher in a camel hair coat.	Are you trying to tell me Terry is too
No, I just thought --	Well don't think
Just listen to me ...	... Like the other night, when I closed up by myself. That was different ..
Oh, how inappropriate is that!	Take a whiff of heaven
I never said you couldn't be killed. I never said that.	You have a problem, Elijah. My wife is right. Somewhere along the line one of your bones broke and your mind just broke with it
Why did you do that, brother? I've never done wrong to you.	You want to know why I did that, well you see - I do that... He stamps on Alex's foot
It's nine-thirty in the morning.	Did I say dinner?  I meant diner. Biscuits and gravy, you love that shit
What do you mean?	Her face had a sour look... that means we're going to have trouble with the local authorities. They are not going to be receptive to the FBI
-- Maybe she'll come with us. If I tell her how important it is to me, I don't think she'll mind. Do you?	I don't know. Probably not
You killed them.	It was only a matter of time before somebody killed somebody.  You saw it coming as well as I did. Dodge had his plans, starting with scuttling the boat. And Greer too, except he went nuts. Couldn't take it, I guess. Could've happened in the middle of downtown Anchorage. But did it make him any less dangerous? I don't think so
You're sure?	Sure..
A couple of years and the debts will be paid off. And if she ever re- marries, the alimony stops... and then...	I haven't even been married once yet
I pull over and kick your ass out, man!	--had a rough night, and I hate the fucking Eagles, man-
I get it.	Get what?  Are you accusing me of cheating
I'm sure you're very proud of Max.	Of course I'm proud.  You know he started with nothing?  Look at him today.  Playing concerts
Ay-eh...Made out I was crazy...  Ate dirt...chewed grass...I fooled 'em, Ethan!...an' I got away...	Scar! Where's he holed in
Yes.	That, he says, there <u>are</u> no second chances...that he's been presented what he <u>prayed</u> for...and: he's ruined it
I met this girl.	What? Come on. Is it serious
Fine, as long as you don't serve chicken that way.	Tell me. What do the police say
Something happened to me, when we arrived here, George, that - well - did you ever go to a totally strange place, and feel certain that you've been there before?	What are you talking about
Nothing good on your T.V.?	As opposed to this T.V.
Let me see it.  Did you drop it?	No
Emma, you know I have great... admiration for you.	Admiration?  My my
Empty.  And fear.  Fear of those that would kill you and fear of those that would love you.  It can never last, and in the end you always end up destroying both.	But you're known so much. History I'll only read about
That's not bad. How about a float of George Washington crossing the Delaware?	Or maybe crossing a river
She wanted to go out to my car, something about my car...	Something in your car..
If so -- well, we'll just have to cut his head off and bury him somewhere. Because it goes without saying that we can't turn him loose. He'd report us at once to some kind of outback Nazi law enforcement agency, and they'll run us down like dogs...	Jesus! Did I say that
YOU? Nervous? Why on earth should you be nervous?	All those people out there. It's a lot of pressure
Search me! When I come to I was running down Thirty-fifth Street.	-- You were with her. You were in the cab, weren't you
Let's cancel.	Is my family here yet
So...you never did tell me...what made you come out to the worker bar that night?	Just looking for fun, adventure, trouble, I guess
Tea... or whiskey?	... both.  Did I just see a man in a red suit and goggles
Your daddy will always love you.	How do you know
Yes, that's what we're looking for.	I think we should do something with strong female characters..
You're marvelous, Ma. You're just like Father used to be. Do you realize a couple of weeks ago we didn't have enough to eat ourselves?	Well, yes, I know, dear, but these people are in such need and we have plenty now
And you're leading with the terrible truth about cole slaw?!	Well, the bulk of it will be about the pimento loaf-
What?	Over there by the courthouse
For God's sake, will you please go now?  We gave you every nickel we got.	You're goin' outside with me.  If there's no cops around, we just split.  Otherwise, you go with us
What did you say?	Show me
What was it, somebody's daughter?	Somebody's mother
Lifted him from a carnival in Belfast. Held him hostage for three days.	You knew my Jody
U-huh.	I don't know, but you seem sort of distant
And why would I do that?	Come on -- the ponies, the flat beer, you with money in your eyes, me with my hand on your ass..
A moth... How did you predict that?	I'm waiting for your offer, Clarice. Enchant me
Did I miss something?	I told them you wouldn't want an attorney present
Marge, I'm in the bath. Won't be long.	Tom, I need to talk to you. It's urgent
Such as?	You could have worn one of those big, floppy woman's Easter Sunday hats
I can't hardly believe it. Camp I was in once, they burned it out--the deputies an' some of them poolroom fellas.	They don't get in here. Sometimes the boys patrol the fences, especially dance nights
To the mine?	Sure. Where they're negotiating. In the company office. We'll go up there and picket the place
The bridesmaids are my only two female relatives under forty. Identical twin debutantes from Nashville, who are basically vengeful sluts.  With amazing bodies!	Which was the disqualifying factor
You think so? I don't know. I guess I'm just scared.	What are you scared of
Oh, that has nothing to do with it.	No, no, it's my fault.  I've been pushing you too hard to do things on your own
And only then does our noble friend realize...	...that the prey can bite back
No he didn't. Come on, I don't want to be alone with those two. All they talk about is basketball and it bores the hell out of me.	Okay. I guess so
Lester.	Yes, sweetheart, shh
She's gettin' away!	Forget her!  We got the one we need! Step on it
For whatever reasons I thought you might be more receptive.	Why don't they come to me
What I like about Ian, he believes in a chain of command, but not a chain of respect, you understand what I'm saying?	Right.  Chain of respect.  That's good, that
A flare?	From the sun.  It's a reflection on the glass
Sandro, listen... Try not to get yourself too involved tomorrow.	Aren't you going to change
Who're you?	American.  Come to get you out
Oh - you're an actress.	Well, I do commercials, sort of..
Wow! It's brilliant!	Yeah...  Come on, have a little training
I see.	"As I recall the syllabus the name of your tutorial is ""Applied Mathematics and Engineering"", am I correct"
Hello?  It's just me and you again.	What about the others
I have come to claim what is mine, Father.	I recognize you only as my son, no more
Not so perfectly if you noticed.	Mike, why am I out
This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere.  Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.	OF course, my Liege ..
You hypocrite.  Do you think for one moment you'd be doing what you're doing if it wasn't for who you are--<i>what</i> you are?  Don't you get <i>any</i> satisfaction knowing that your children will be able to live to a ripe old age unless they do something foolish?	That's precisely what <i>scares</i>me--that they won't do anything <i>foolish</i> or <i>courageous</i> or <i>anything</i>--worth a Goddamn
Those bastards at Universal.  I made so much money for them, and now I can't get the time of day.	"So let's make another ""Dracula."" Let's make ""The Return of Dracula"""
Guenevere...	You're not listening. Your heart is not. Love is deaf as well as blind
That wouldn't give us much time, would it?	Well, you're right. I guess it wouldn't
We got the Sphere but the Commander's down there with a bunch of cannibals!  Teb, reset the pod, we're going back.	That thing's not going to get us down there fast enough.  Face it, he's dead
All I'm saying is we have to be careful. We can't get caught.	Well, no shit, Sherloc
Please, Maya.  I'm trying to get us into the next century and you insist on this medieval nonsense.	If you really believe in God, why is it so inconceivable that his enemy is just as real
Where's he going?	I don't know, I can't say -
But you said I shouldn't call if I wanted to give up on her.	Right
Oh -- well, I thought he once mentioned --	One of you must be mistaken
Faith...?	That the universe will unfold as it should
You're a lucky man.	Yeah, sure
Juice?	Power. There hasn't been a lot of wind through here for the last couple of weeks. Most of the batteries are depleted
Do you know this man?	I have never seen him
Hi.  I've got sort of a hypothetical question.  Do you suppose the bite of a radioactive spider would transmit that spider's proportional strength and agility?	Is this some sort of Zen thing
Are you busy tonight?	Yes
I don't want to be alone.	You can be single and not alone. Marriage bites
If he has anything to say about it, yeah. I've been asking a lot of questions and I don't like the answers I'm getting. He's made a lot of people nervous, including some poor faggot who thought he was going to be a movie star.	We aren't gonna arrest him for that..
Jeff, do you think a murderer would let you see all that? That he shouldn't keep his shades down and hide behind them?	That's where he's being clever. Acting nonchalant
I don't know what that--	Exposure. They can't have it. They wanna learn what you know and then deal with it
What?	But don't you see? The pen is mightier than the sword
You two fighting's not going to get us anything.	Him getting us stranded out here doesn't do much good either
False data can act only as a distraction. Therefore. I shall refuse to perceive you.	Hey, bomb
Do you need help?	I think so
Please don't misunderstand me...	Then you don't want me to go there
Skip on to the Fire Swamp -- that sounded good.	Oh. You're sick, I'll humor you.  So now, where were we here? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ah. Oh. Okay. Westley and Buttercup raced along the ravine floor
You alright?	y-y-yes-
What kind of a boy are you? Boys always have candy.	I have a cinnamon bar
OH ROMANCE IS NOT A CHILDREN'S GAME...	YOU KEEP GOING BACK IT'S DRIVING YOU INSAN
What do you mean?	Who did you work with to get the-
It's got to be stopped!	But, Ted, the invitations have already gone out
In the middle of the night -- those flowers make me think of a funeral. Laurels and tube-roses.  Oh, think, Suzette -- the Villa and the sun at Tremezzo -- quiet -- simple -- happy -- we'll have a guest, Suzette.	Yes, Madam. And now Madam will sleep. It is not long 'till the train
-- It's about being realistic.  Something like this, Erin -- it could take forever. They're a huge corporation.  They'd completely bury us in paperwork.  I'm just one guy with a shitty little P.I. firm.	-- who happens to know they poisoned people and lied about it
In Costa Rica?	On the island
Here.  Mr. Tyler.  He claims a certain skill at handling firearms.	Wonderful!  Our new friend from the wild west.  Please..
What?! You're calling me a stalker?	That's right -- if you weren't you would've looked for her yourself
I mean morally. Murray was my friend.	Murray's dead
Sod that.  Gotta get back before my probation officer wonders where I've skived off to.	Probation?  Man, you crazy.  They shouldn't've let you outta your country, much less prison
How many men?	Four
I'm looking for them.	Where
Somebody new there. A woman. Thought you might know who she is.	Ain't no new Negroes in this town I don't know about. What she look like? You sure that wasn't Denver
I want to know who we give the public in contrast?  The department needs role models. Clean-cut, <u>forthright</u> men the public can admire.	I'll testify, sir.  I'm not afraid to do what's right
I don't care.	Suppose that Lednov was to have found you, instead of me. Why you wouldn't have had a chance
I can't talk right now.	What do you want for it?  Two thousand? Three thousand
Why?	Because I really suspect Gideon -- and it is always the person you don't suspect
Gee, um...  I...I don't know what to say.	Look, it's just an evening at the opera.  Did I, I-I do wrong in accepting
Mary Clarence!  You're so... different from the other sisters.  Sometimes, well... sometimes you sound more like a layperson.	Honey
Maybe.  But what if he dies on the way back?  you see what I'm saying, sir?  The best possible situation is, he's dead, we find his body, more or less intact, we grab one of his dog-tags and high-tail it back to the beach, or better yet, we head over to Caen and catch up with division.	Has anyone ever told you, you're officer material
Eagle... he hated my guts. Bonaparte didn't like me none.	Nor Quincy, I guess
Both jobs are open, Hildy. The paper -- and being Mrs. Walter Burns.	Thanks, Walter, but it's no good. We tried it
How long 'til they reach us?	Eighteen minutes..
Well, why don't you take it out of your account? There's a lot there.	Well, I would, you know, Sam. It's just that... well, I need more than that. I need twenty-five thousand
Hold on just a little longer, Shirley.	Be careful, oh please be careful.  We'll never get out of here alive, I know it.  I just feel it
You.	Why
I'm all ears.	We're going to wait.  All of us, until everything dies down
Uh, Mr. President... I don't believe that's on your agenda today.	Well it's a last minute change
What friend?	Ilsa Lund.  That ought to put your mind to rest about my helping Laszlo escape. The last man I want to see in America
Listen to that shit, that's good shit!	Fuck that redneck noise, dude. All dem chicks be rappin' how dey losin' der' ho's and how dey ain't got no bread for beer. Fuck dat honky shit. Got to get me some motown jams, dig it
Who, Buddy?  Yeah.  He's a good guy. Back when we jailed together, he'd call his sister every week without fail.  She's a born-again Christian, does bookkeeping for a televangelist. Buddy calls her up, confesses his sins, tells her about whatever bank he happened to rob.	Buddy.  That's his given name
Why'd you send for Lenny Marliston?	The kids adore him. They confide in him. His patchouli reeking rear might know if Stacy and Rod were really virgins. Why didn't you ask Jody that
Brad - I'm cold, I'm wet, and plain scared.	I'm here, there's nothing to worry about
We'll see if we can't make her well, Alma, you and I.	I do my best.  Every day I dress her just as beautifully as if she was well.  It's just like dressing a great, big doll
This is totally different. I'm talking about avoiding what you're talking about. That's the distinction. I have not made the commitment yet. I am not married. I have not said the words. In a few days, I might get married, and if I do, then I won't be doing stuff like this anymore. Otherwise, what's the whole point of getting married?	And what about Stephanie? She's a woman -- with a kid. A single mom. What do you think she's looking for? Huh
No, I mean your dedication scares me...	It's easy to be dedicated, when you care about something..
I wish we did. You married?	Um, no
Where were you?	Where was I
No? Then what?	I just want to see you as much as I can
Where are you?!	We're coming your way, man
No!	Why are you marrying Johnny? He's a fool
Alright, Bo. You can have the money... but it's not here. I have to go get it.	Okay. Fine. The meantime, I'll just hang on to her for safe keeping
Do you want to meet me and talk about this stuff?	Ok. Where are you from originally
What else could it mean to me? It's obviously a lot of bunk.	Then you'd better go, George. This is no place for you
I love you too Major, but you haven't called me that since basic training.	I was talking to the cat
The one about the witch.	Your mom says I can't tell you that one anymore. You get nightmares
Cookie, they are dead, dead, deadski.	Of course they're dead.  They're ghosts
You don't know a fucking thing about me.  You don't have the slightest fucking clue.	Why don't you tell me
How many a those things you got now?	Cats? Several. Wal. Depends what you mean by got. Some are half-wild, and some are just outlaws
Who was he?	What do you care?  Ever hear of Rwanda
For five thousand?	However they are, that's the deal. A buck a throw.  Five thousand dollars.  Split it half and half
I bet he will. I got a little money if he don't. I'll get 'em for ye.	I usually get run off by her mama or daddy if they're home. Reckon why they don't like me
Times gone, Fort Holland was a fort...now, no longer.  The Holland's are a most old family, miss.  They brought the colored people to the island-- the colored folks and Ti-Misery.	Ti-Misery?  What's that
You don't wanna move, do you?	I can paint anywhere
Is that what her daddy tells her?	I know what I am.  I don't need to have it tattooed on my shoulder
I've got to work...	Do you want me to go...
Yes. And who is he ? How'd he get there?	Do you suppose we stopped someplace during the night and changed pilots
Have you always wanted to be a lawyer?	You... don't remember, but yes, ever since I was a little girl
He served his time for what he did. Another thing... If Lula went with him of her own volition - willingly, that is - there ain't much can be done about it.	Don't talk down to me, Johnnie Farragut. I know what volition means, and that's why I want Sailor Ripley off the planet! He's pure slime and it's leakin' all over my baby. Maybe you could push him into makin' some kinda move and then kill him dead. You'd only be defendin' yourself, and with his record, nobody'd fuss
He never made it to the newspaper, but there was private sector contact.	Who
There ya go.  I beg your pardon?	We're not all frigid
What?	"I heard you, man.  Don't give me that ""what"" shit.  You just told them that you're gonna put out a record with them"
Oh.	But you're wrong. I do know you, at least by reputation. Edward Bloom from Ashton. See, I'm actually engaged to a boy from Ashton. Don Price. He was a few years older than you
I just want you to know. No matter what you do. You are going to die, just like everybody else.	Thank you, Rose
You're one man. You can't save everybody.	What if I could save a handful? -- What if I could save one
Yes.  Or forward into the future. I suppose I really should check on the machine, see that it hasn't been damaged...	I'll take you tomorrow... You must have seen a lot on your journey
With all due respect, Mr. Secretary, we were not firing on the ship. Firing on a ship means attacking the ship. We were not attacking the ship. We were firing over it.	This was not the President's intention when he gave that order. What if the Soviets don't see the distention? What if they make the same mistake I just did?  There will be no firing anything near ANY Soviet ships without my express permission, is that understood, Admiral
It'll be ready.	You're my man, Pete
Could I talk to you for a second?	Hey, I'm, you know -
You could do better.	I'll miss you, Mike..
You could use a new one yourself.	Let's synchronize the watches. Eleven forty-two, sharp
Did you hear what I said?	Yes I did. Did you hear my answer
Lemme guess. Some corporate V.P.'s banging his secretary over lunch and you have to focus your camera and plug in your little tape recorder.	Beats getting paid in twenties by slimedogs selling angel dust to high school seniors
I got an idea what happened.	Do you
Why doesn't Claudia talk to you, Jimmy?	Why, well I think we've, we both don't know...what do you mean
Well, maybe we'd better forget about it, then.	You can't prove it, can you? You're still trying to --  marriage license! Did you say -- 
Waal, Mr. Moss, I wouldn't....	You wouldn't be here if it wasn't true.  It's true, right
We got us a tent, forty-two feet across, eighteen feet at center, hundred-and-ten foldin' chairs. Circuit's eleven towns, covers all 'a Hasset County and most 'a Weller County.  I expect that upon completion of my military service I will be joinin' said ministry.	What about the Captain?  Where's he from
It's s'posed to happen, Biff.	It is
Ride 'em cowboy)	You like that
I couldn't bear for it to end.	And I didn't like that man
Tom, I never had trouble getting credit from you before. When I was flat broke you gave me all the money I wanted. Now I come to you with a swell deal, and the greatest—	I'll tell you why. I don't like the crowd you're mixed up with.  Personally, you can have all the credit you want. But for that deal - not a cent
What the hell are you talking about, kid?	You don't get it Stan... You just don't get it
I see it before me.	I'm not sure I believe. But then I had no one to instruct me. I had no mother... and my father abandoned me at birth
It's just that I've been out of the game so long. Trent, I was with her for six years. That's before AIDS. I'm scared. I don't know how to talk to them, I don't know...	You can't think like that, baby. It's hard, I know. I've been there. Not for six years, but I know. You just gotta get back out there
My axe!	Ford, do you got something cooking in the microwave
Great!  That's fucking great!  They only asked you to sing because of your name!  You can stick it above the browser racks over there.	How many tickets can I put you down for
Beck, trust me.  If the company felt that you or your crew were in any danger we would authorize an immediate emergency pickup. We could be there in a few hours.	Do it
You know those cheesy Christmas cards of your family under that tree in your back yard you keep sending me every year?	What about them
Hey.	You don't gotta get up but... I gotta go..
We are in a dungeon. How do we get out?	Gimme a minute
I know, it's pretty silly, isn't it?	Jesus, my-my grammy... n-never gave gifts, you know. She-she was too busy getting raped by Cossacks
Sailor Ripley! You stop! You're makin' this shit up and I ain't gonna sit for it!	Honest, Lula. I prob'ly ain't precisely got all the facts straight, but it's about what they said
I forgot to thank you for breakfast.	Any time, sailor
Pardon me, was that Mr. Chance?	No. I'm a gardener
I'm not-	You want me close but you won't let me near. What's the terrible, dark secret you're protecting everyone from
Not yet.	Nervous
It's not a bad place.  Warm. Great view.	I don't think the dead much care
We were gonna grab some food.	Good idea.  Marko.  We're hungry
...I feel that...	"""A liaison position with the Opera."
I think I forgot the tent.	You forgot the tent
It is shameful -- infamous!  I insist upon being put down at the Austrian ambassador's house.	I have orders to gag your honor if you cry out, and to give you this purse containing ten thousand frederics if you do not
Yes.	There was a brown dog that ran across the road up there, right by the dump, and Dolores slowed down not to hit him, and he ran into the woods.  And then Dolores drove on and turned onto the Marlowe road, as usual.  I remember that.  I'm remembering it pretty clearly
Are you kidding?  Harry had to go out of town.	I'm shocked
And this woman is a writer! That's what everyone writes at the beginning of letters to strangers.	"I know that.  You think I don't know that? ""I know that's a dumb way to begin, but it's the only way I can think of to convey what happened to me the other night when I heard the two of you on the radio.  On the other hand, maybe I'm just losing my mind."
So we can finally talk?	Yeah
I think you saw something -- that probably has a very simple explanation.	For instance
Do you love me?	Do you love me
Look, Duff - most of the men I know - they're kind of sad. When I met you the other day I had a feeling that you're different. That's why I went out with you. I thought we might have something to say to each other.	Hell, baby, I don't know what to say
Max!  Relax!  Josh and Jen'll put a spin on this.  We'll talk it over tonight, at your costume par--	I think you'd feel out of place at my party.  You see, it's for winners
So you think you did well to cut your hair and dress as a man?	I... submit to Our Lord
About what?	Are you willing to give me your son in exchange for an extension of our contract
Must be Mach two-five stuff.  Altitude fifteen thousand.	They can't touch us at this height
You could see all the things he did, couldn't you?	What are you getting at
Marvin, I need you to hold on. There's officers positioned and waiting to move in a block away.	What the fuck are they waiting for? That motherfucker cut off my ear! He slashed my face! I'm deformed
Wallowing quite literally in blood.	Damn you, sir!  God damn you to hell
Fine, thank you.	Ok. You're connected
Just half-a-cup of coffee. I never eat, darlin', you know that. Not eating and reverse insomnia are my curses. Let's go, Rose, you and Brother, let's hit the road.	Rose, you and Brother wait in the car. I want to speak for a moment Lo Mr. Hillyer
There's a hole! I found a square hole!	That's it -- the release lever -- look inside
You think you are ready now?	Yes, my lord
Sounds like a french word, what is it?	It's a romantic and tragic drink
I did say he could go.	Let's go
Three seasons.  They found that's the limit of human tolerance when it comes to following the adventures of a family of Mormons on the Chisum Trail.  I was wife number three -- the ingenue.	Oh, it just ended, then
Pull your pants down.	I'm sorry
They feel cheated.	Michael, you're sitting up here in the Sierra Mountains with champagne cocktails making judgment on the way I run my family
Rock stars!  I'm going out of my mind.  All I get are perks.  I don't make money, I make gifts. How am I supposed to pay taxes with bathtub compact disc players and autographed drumsticks.  I want cash.  Moulah.  Wampum.  Dead Presidents.  Andrew Jackson. Gerald Ford.	You're saying you need money
Huh? Oh.  Another one, huh? Shit, I guess I'm clean out of receptacles.	Maybe you should... hang the carpenter
And that lot's never happier than when they're jeering at you ... and where would they be without the steady support of your drum beat, I'd like to know.	Yeah ... that's right
Batts's made. His whole crew is going to be looking for him. This is fucking bad.	There's a shovel at my mother's
Well, not exactly. See, I met this girl. Real nice girl. God-fearing girl. Her name's Sylvia.	That jelly you were talking to right here
Still after Jimmy?	They found prints at Blue Legs' place
All that time I waited to go on a cruise, and you went without me.	Yeah, well...couldn't be helped
I was lookin' at it.  I saw you, man!  Jesus!  You oughta see yourself!  You wouldn't believe it.	Yes, I would
Where is he now?	In Mr. Sampson's office
Who's she talking to?	That fuckin' guinea, Will knows him
And you had to go into the trunk, didn't you?	When I work on a car, I work on a car
Jim... he <U>wants</U> it.	You got the Enterprise, it's what <U>you</U> wanted. This is what I want.  But, Jim...  ... <U>I'm</U> the right choice for this mission
Hey, man.	Hey
When?	Right now
I'm gonna roll him off the hood. Always lift with your legs...	I don't think I can do this
I think I can handle it.	Well, maybe I will.  You sure you don't want anything
Jim, itís over.	Ethan - Iíve always taught you, nothing can be more dangerous than the truth.  It can kill you
The swelling's not so bad. But the FDS stings.  How's your neck?	It's hard to swallow
It's still my money. If you want to have a chance at any part of it, shithead, you will take my $120,000 and bet on tomorrow's game.	What about the money you owe me on yesterday's game
I'm sorry, sir.	When you were given the opportunity to enlist, a kind of contract was agreed upon. I think the Army has honored its part of that agreement
You are under oath, Miss Bennett. I ask you again - are you employed by the Morning Mail?	No! I resigned last week
Perhaps I shouldn't go either.	No, well go if you want to, but don't talk to the Police about my face -- they find out he hit me -- he's got a temper -- he could've hit Freddie.  Good luck, Marge. I'll catch up with you later
And what would'st I gain from this bargain?	Your life
It's not that easy..we've never encountered anything like it before..you see normal human beings have 40 DNA memo groums..which is more than enough for any species to perpetuate itself..This one has 200,000.	Talk English Doc
Where's that?	Well, you go down Beechwood..
Frida, can we come in? We need to talk to you. It's important.	Uh... the buzzer's broken. I'll be down in a second
I know.  How long will you be gone?	Just a few days
I'm a Wendy.	Oh Wendy.  That's nice.  That's the prettiest
When it's a threat, you'll know it.	Is that a threat
Easy Ted, we're not mining gold.	Gimme some room here, will you?  Back off.  Gimme some space
I could probably see my bedroom from here. I can see my house. When you see where you live from a distance it's like a dream, isn't it?	I don't care for B.S. I don't care to hear it. I don't care to speak it
Fuck you. You a Hoto.	No. Me no Hoto. Tecate
When you eat him, may I have some?	My God -- don't you recognize Mouton -- our regimental dog?  I would rather eat Cossack
I think I've seen this movie before. When I was a kid.  It was on TV.	Shh -- don't talk.  Hold still
Figure it out.  You got plenty of time.	How much time?
Did you eat?	Nah. I'm not hungry. I'm sorry I didn't call. It was just, you know, hard to get away
Where has all our beer gone?	Sir, Gregoire has been taking beers
Not just today -- Uh, could you do it -- until, until he gets back on his feet?	Sure thing
Who's he?	What's your game? What do you shoot
They're operating on him.  He's still alive.	I heard
What did you think it would be?	I don't know...  More like when I kissed Sam
Sir, I'm flattered that you even recognize my name. My God, I had no idea you were in Hollywood.	All of us undomesticated writers eventually make their way out here to the Great Salt Lick. Mebbe that's why I allus have such a powerful thrust
No, Mister McMurphy, it's just that we cannot offer you the guidance and assistance that you would receive at Pendleton.	Guidance and assistance! That's insane! Doc, ya gotta help me
A Tibanna gas mine.  Lando won it in a sabacc match, or so he claims. Lando and I go way back.	Can you trust him
Please... Butterfield... I wasn't there.  Ask Pimm.	Pimm's dead.  Jennifer Desiderio's disappeared.  They knew the Puritan was coming home
It clearly states in the will --	I don't care what it says! Maybe Mama was delirious, you know. She didn't know what she was saying. If she wanted to be cremated, why the hell did she let dad buy two plots, huh
"Well, I'm not interested in how long its ""got to hold for."""	What <u>are</u> you interested in
A guy dressed as Santa has been exposing himself to kids in Los Feliz.  Apparently, sir, he's decorated himself.	Decorated
How come you got the kid with you?	Matthew's my grandson
Let's not get too idealistic.	Fair enough. We wouldn't want to get carried away, would we?  Now call your aunt Em and let her know you're alive
I'd like to talk to him.	You're welcome to try. There he is
Injected Windex!  Why would he switch to a new m.o.?	Ah, if you knew that, you'd be half way to nailing him.  Serial killing is irrational and rigid and compulsive.  This guy has a plan all thought out, flexible and complex.  He's playing a game with us.  Who will he imitate next? Maybe he's doing all the serial killers in history, the great innovators, the murderers' hall of fame.  Just to prove he's better than all of them.  They got caught; he didn't
It's 3+27 hundred	Three!  I'm going to be late for my shift
That is sedition! Treason!	That is the truth
Musta got some primo bondsman.	Jesus Christ.  That's a disgrace The guy pulls a gun on a cop and he's out in 24 hours.  I tell you some of the courts these days are just a fucking revolving door
No.	Crazy fucker
She thinks you're a bucket of dog vomit.  Trust me on this.	She's my destiny
<u>What</u>?	We're almost married
Oh yeah.  The caller was a man. Confident.  Had an accent.  My guess, Asian.  Anything else I can do for the FBI, sir?	Why don't you try the assignment.  Or should I call and ask for somebody who can handle it
Boy, we must be really high up. The air feels so different.	Uh...huh
Married?	Happily
Yeah, I heard a key slapping against my ass.	There's someone in the house
I don't know.	It doesn't matter.  Even if they're tormenting me, someone wants me.  What I do with this is up to me.  I can be a victim, or I can be a volunteer.  And I want to be the volunteer
As long as you don't mind the smell of fur --	It's a fetish of mine
You've said that for weeks.	I know
Maybe I'll see you again sometime, huh?	Sure
Like what?	Oh...I'll think of something
Precisely what you're paid to prevent.	Someone didn't bother reading my carefully prepared memo on commonly used passwords. Now, as I so meticulously pointed out, the for most used passwords are love,  sex, secret and...  ...God. So would your holiness care to change her password
Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life.	I know exactly what you mean
Silly, there's nothing in there to be afraid of.	Then..then what's that music
I could use the walk.	Suit yourself. We'll have some horses waiting for you at the road.  Let's ride, Rangers
It's over there.	Thanks
Yeah. It depends. Cause like this one time with Eric, when we got blasted at his house. And Smash J and DJ Flipper was there...	Oh shit
Stop!	What the fuck are you doing he's in there
And in fact he met privately with the President, though unfortunately there wasn't time for a photo opportunity.	Nancy's pretty good
Yeah, well, he's from a Third World country. He doesn't have it easy.	What? What the fuck do you know about the third world? You been there? No? No, well, I have. Fuckers live like sardines in a can over there, you know. Everything stinks. It's true, there's no, you know, law, no order. No nothing. The assholes come over here, they think it's gonna be the same
No. We <u>all</u> go.	Anna-
Seems like we wasn't never gonna do nothin' but move. I'm so tar'd.	Women is always tar'd
Dr. Pemberton?	Yes
No.	Is she looking now
I don't know what that means.  What kind of problem?	The kind where there isn't really an answer
But I can't --	JUST DO IT
Yeah. He says that I will become a monster in two days. What do you think?	What do I think? You mean about the possibility of your becoming a monster in two days or about visits from dead friends
Maybe we can save August...	Forget it. This summer's had it. Next summer's had it. You're the mayor of Shark City. You wanted to keep the beaches open. What happens when the town finds out about that
Oh, no bother, I'd be glad to.	Well, actuall
Oh, he had a shower this morning. You trying to call me a liar?	No, brother. What d'you want
I'm hungry. I'll eat the first child I see. And I've an appointment with young Winton at 8:30.	You wouldn't get mixed up with that little rotter, would you
Andy, do you know who reps Kronos Inc.?	Bailey, Brackman
What?!!	I haven't any hard feelings
You told them, Hoffy.	Who did
That's a good one.	I'm serious, dude.  You always seem to be on top of things, even when you're tweakin'
No.	Are you scared
You may, of course, keep your weapons, but I must warn you that...	I'm familiar with appropriate behavior at a military parley
Mr. Treehorn tells us that he had to eject you from his garden party, that you were drunk and abusive.	That guy treats women like objects, man
He's dead.	Dead
No.  Why?  I like to be with Sam.	It's just that there's less that Adam and Ryan can do anymore.  I'd hate to have them bored
So put your plans of my room in the trash.	I don't think Dad wants you home
Yeah. I met this guy -- Gordon, Bert Gordon. He said I was. Born loser.	Would he know
Apparently I'm not as cynical about Earth's people as you are.	I've been dealing in Earth's politics a good deal longer than you have.  Goodnight, sir
Beautiful day, isn't it?	How can you be out here
Yes but I was a boy. And I still had hell to pay.	Calm down. Just listen for a minute.. Please
Lemme have the bag.	Fuck you. I can carry it
Somebody's going to have to wash Mrs. Young. Mary's not here.	You do it
She dropped a million and half dollars to the House -- your House. And you didn’t even bat an eyelid.  She was paying you off.  What for?	As ever you are the spy who has to see a plot wherever he looks
I'm not tired.	I need to be with her
-- Road looks clean as a hound's tooth.	-- Okey, doke. Last one to the Roadeo is a homo
Excuse... excuse me, when do I go on?	Who are you
I got something you can't resist. I have a friend, Tracey. She wants to meet you. She loves to please.	Oooooo
"""With that, Fanchon expelled a scream so extravagantly pitched, that the surgeon was obliged to tear out her tongue --"""	"""With that, Fanchon expelled a scream so extravagantly pitched, that the surgeon was obliged to tear out her tongue --"
That's right.	I should've known.  What's the Chief throwing you
Hi.	Hi
I am the Borg.	That is a contradiction. The Borg act as a collective consciousness. There are no individuals
You got that right, Nikko, it's none of your business.	You're shitting ion your career.  You outrank hi..
Hello, can I have room 5601.	One moment
You don't want to draw pictures of me in my birthday suit, right?	I have no interest in your body, Mr. Boone.  I can assure you of that
Wait for the firemen!	It'll be too late
Dad...	You'd meet doctors, lawyers -- nothing wrong with them necessarily if they're divorced.  Why settle for some cowboy cop who drinks too much and cheats on his wife?  That's the way those hotshots are, all of 'em
You play the cello!  It's my favorite instrument.	Really?  Do you have a favorite piece
Who's doing this?	Your first question should be who isn't. It isn't a spark, Brian. Not enough damage. And an insurance pro? Where's the profit margin
What would do that...?	What in the <u>world</u> would do that
So... what's your dark secret?	Why do you want to know
I was dying. I thought for sure everyone could see it on my face.	All anybody saw was Clint Eastwood drinkin' coffee
I know she's sorry she won't be seeing you anymore. Anyway, she wanted me to take care of you.	Take care of me
So, Mason, last Wednesday night, uh...were you out...	...uh, drifting around like the trash you are, or were you here workin'
You'd like me better that way, Jimmy?	Yes
I rarely see him, Your Highness, but I believe he is in excellent health, and he is very happy with the child.	Ah, that is good
Routine, I assure you.  I just wanted to gage my health.  Am I healthy?	Yes -- you are
How was dinner?	Terrible.  Awful!  I met the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in my life
No ...  Have <u>you</u> ever been in Vienna?	No
Anyway, it's hard to live gay, that's the right way to say it, in a small town like this. I've wanted to leave many times, but my love for Linda and Frank and another certain person that we won't go into have kept me from it. Anyway, I'm rambling. If you're going to live in the Wheatly garage you need to know that it won't be easy. Doyle is a monster. Not just a closed minded redneck, but a monster. A dangerous person. I've told Linda that one day that man is going to really hurt her or that boy. Maybe even kill one of them. I see it in his eyes. I'm very in tune, maybe even psychic. Doyle will make your life hell. You're a perfect target. When I first saw you I was afraid of you. Not really afraid, I guess, just taken aback. But also, I felt a real sensitive feeling from you. And for some reason, Frank has adopted you. Much like a stray animal. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. In a good way. Anyway, I just want you to know what you're in for. I have a good feeling about you. You're good for Frank. Maybe it's that he can have an adult friend on a child's level. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it in a bad way.  There's one more thing. It's none of my business why you were in the state hospital. Everyone has something in their past, maybe you tried suicide, maybe you did something -- terrible. But what I see before me is a gentle, simple man. All I want you to promise me is that you're capable of being around Linda and Frank. You know. You would never hurt them under any circumstances, would you?	I wouldn't never hurt them
Well, why not?	Yeah, Earl Warren
Maybe yes. Maybe no.	You are a virgin
What's up?	He wants to see us now
Just what I said I'd do.	You wouldn't do that...  you wouldn't
...Whatever. It's work. You're doing what you love. What's she doing?	Selling scrap metal
Oh.  'Bye, Doc.	Say, Baxter -- the way you're belting that stuff, you must have a pair of cast-iron kidneys
Don't you want to know how you can help, Sidney?  Are you listening to me, huh?	Who the fuck is this
Who's dead?	The prostitute
What kind of dancer?	Whatever kind they wanted her to be
Travis, I never ever met anybody like you before.	I can believe that
Say again?	Make that 1790
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to do that... You must think that was some kind of latent hostility or --	What in the world would give me that idea
Uh-oh.	Have you heard of Jonas Salk
He <u>has</u> been going after everything. It <u>could</u> work.  But this is not a happy cow.	He looks like a giant tea bag
Oh, Mr. Baxter -- I'm glad you're here -- I was just going to get the passkey.	What for
How long's it been shut?	"Six years ago this May. No one came any more. You ""know better than me, Mr. Di Vita, the crisis, television, videos. By now the movie business is only a dream. The city's bought it now to make a new parking lot. Next Saturday they're tearing it down...A pity!.."
This is where the stories are. You are going to become friends with these people. You are going to party with them. You are going to hang out with them on weekends. When they go to prom, you are going to be in their same damn limo!	Gus I, the popular kids and I, we just don't- I mean, I don't think I can do this
Guess I'm not a single type guy.	Whatta ya mean? It's great
We're going right ahead with--*what*?	Why, the Bill--the Bill--to make a National Boys' Camp..
He's scared.  It's crazy.  I never met anyone like him.  His wife, he's a wonderful father to his children.  His mother - you should see her - his mother and father together are like a bad car wreck - he lets it all slide off his back, he sees them, he pays their rent. Unbelievable.  I wanted to get married ... He didn't really want it ... he's married already!  But he did it.  I don't know why.  I thought it would help me, but it didn't.  I was just as confused and unhappy was before; I did terrible things.	What kind of things, Leon
Sure ain't. Martians could land on Ben's doorstep, all he'd do is spit once and get himself a shot gun.	Who you calling
Just fine.	Where we go in1
It must have been horrible.  Having to go there -- seeing them together - - knowing he was sleeping with her in the same bed he did with you.	I was jealous.  Of course I was hurt. He switched me off like a little toy he was finished playing with.  But I didn't kill him
You ok?	I'm fine
What do you think it is?	I think it's a gun pressing against my dick
You'd be killing a friend.  Don't you know how much I like you?	I'm going to shoot you now
Why, that's the speech that Lincoln made at Gettysburg...	He did?... I told my son not to leave it laying around... Where is son
This is great.  And it's yours?  You like own it?	The bank owns it.  But I'm working on it
I think we can capture it.  I'd like to try.	That's preposterous
Mio caro Adone.	Ah
Sure	Okay. That's good. I just wanted to make sure
"Well I'm not tolerant of being bothered with this bullshit story when I'm about to make the most important score of my life.  This has gotta be some ""put-on,"" right?"	I'm sorry.  I'm so sorry to do this to you
I just think you should show some respect.  I mean, call me old fashioned, but 200 years ago when Ben Franklin and those guys signed the Constitution and Declaration of Independence, they did that so we could all share in the freedom...	First of all, the Constitution wasn't writtem till 1787..
But you said grey, sir.	Not tweed -- it's a smoother material, with a larger collar and belted
What did the doctor say?	We have to start looking for a shrink
I'm going to be a fucking pariah. Everyone's just going to be holding their breath to see if I'm going to get drunk and make a scene. Plus Tony fucking Levin?	No, no, no. It's cool. I talked to Victoria. She's cool. Everyone's cool
A couple of guys, I owe them. So, that's what I did. I gave 'em the money.  That's what I did.	Yeah
I work for the landlord. He told me to watch out for the place.	I commend him on his choice
Betty, I thought this would be the best way. You know, throw you into it...	What the hell's going on
Nothing but acting to hide behind, buddy-boy.	"I'm not afraid. I toured for a year with the National Puppet Company's production of ""Long Day's Journey Into Night."
Why are you yelling?	Excuse me
Here I am. I... I want to thank you for what you did. Not just for... for pulling me back. But for your discretion.	You're welcome. Rose
What's the matter, Wendy?	Nothing, Stan. You wouldn't understand
Take care, Wade.	You be careful of that little bastard. He's dying to get in your pants, you know
How much?	I figure, for this information, the usual payment... times ten
I never knew you dreamed of working in a grocery store bank branch.  Baby, we are living the great American Dream!	Mmm-hmmm..
...give him a shot at runnin' a casino and he tries to talk you out of it.	You know, I don't know if I could do this even if I wanted to. The Gaming Commission would never give me a license. I have at least two dozen gambling and bookmaking pinches on me
Besides piano and swimming, what else do you do?	Well, there's fishing and boating. There's concerts on the mainland and... but I feel silly telling you. This is really your home. You probably know better than I what there is to do
Chill.  We don't want your face coming off with it.	Chill?  Since when do you say ch..
Hyperdrive.	I'll have my people get to work on it right away.  Hate the thought of the Millennium Falcon without her heart
That’s when I realized I wanted to be a doctor.	Oh, shut up. You’re an optician
You mean to tell me the day I came over to Mrs. Ackerman's... the day you claim you recognized my voice... you weren't drinking?	"One beer with lunch is hardly ""drinking"""
I don't get it.	I don't know who that English guy is. Some kind of --  -- courier or something.  Maybe a seller. Maybe a buyer.  But Mr. <u>Avery</u> wanted him, those jigs wanted him -- and I betcha there's a briefcase somewhere
Transmit a wide band co-variant signal. That'll get his attention.	He might be using the planet's rings to mask his approach
Flagged books cover every topic the Bureau deems questionable... communism to violent crime.	How is this legal
I'm telling you, you got her spooked. She won't leave there till you have your money and you're gone.	You expect me to just walk in there
How do you do?	Very well, thank you. I'm with the County Family Services Department. Eve tells me you've been living in a bomb shelter most of your life
The question is irrelevant.	Spock... The retraining of your mind has been in the Vulcan way, so you may not understand feelings. But as my son, you have them. They will surface
Gentlemen, I didn't call you here at such an hour to make accusations, I just want to explore the possibilities. Now, I have three questions; Is the man a foreign agent? Or, have we suddenly found that our methods of gathering data are grossly inefficient? Or, thirdly, have the man's files been destroyed? Now, I'd like some answers.	Gardiner is not a foreign agent, there are now sixteen countries investigating the man. We can rule that out
The hell with the diamonds!	You were rich before.  This is the first time I was ever rich
You're crazy.	How badly do you want that money?! How bad do you want to stay out of jail
They really hated it. I think they hated it more than any of the other ones.	Well..
Now, get out!!	Yes, ma'am
Congratulations, Dick.	How am I going to break this to Bob Hope
They help me understand why we fight.	Understand?  You need to be listening to people like John Adams, and to keep the best interest of the country first in your mind
"My father was the husband and my mother was the wife. ""Beloved"" is a word they used -- to stay together."	Stay? They lived together all their years
Do you know how much killer gets for movie rights?	In here, says he wants a million
That's how a man would do it.  I'm not a man.	I noticed
But I TOLD YOU, I don't think we can get the bomb bay doors open.	I asked you a question, Lothar
Then make sure he gets put away for longer.	How
Let us fill up our Regimes.	No.  I want things very calm for another six months
That's not going to be the way we say good-bye.  Even though I think what you did was rotten -- it's not all impersonal.  You mean something to me.	You keep coming after me and looking down on me.  It's starting to make me batty
Look, Jeffrey, you don't really kidnap someone that you're acquainted with.  You can't get away with it if the hostage knows who you are.	Well yeah...I know that
Case... Yeah, Miami Joeboy, quick study. How you doing, kid?	Fine, Dixie. Fine
I had my license hearing coming up and I didn't wanna leave anything to chance.	That was nineteen years ago, and they were simple gambling pinches
Just let me go.	Listen.  Understand.  That Terminator is out there.  It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with...it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear... and it absolutely will not stop. Ever.  Until you are dead
Well, it can really only go two ways.	That's what you think. I drink tons of booze so you might get one of those scary neuter-babies that's born without junk
And now he lies to me. He has been stealing ladies' purses again.  Haven't you? Haven't you, you miserable petty crook?	I guess I...uh...regressed
Mrs. -- Thorwald's -- clothes. -- Clean -- carefully packed -- not too stylish -- but presentable.	Didn't you take it to the crime lab
If you want me to.	I ain't got no money to get 'em with but I bet Vaughan will let me have some of them flowers at the store
Saunders--!	And you're writing Ma all about it. And your pigeons will carry the message of love. And the first thing you know--Susan Paine'll get the best jar of preserves she ever tasted
Oh, sure.	Cause if you get in a bind-
You know, the rape, to...even to the accident...	You mean <u>with White</u>...
It doesn't matter how much you worked on them. It matters how much you can get for them.	I can get ten
It's just a picture of the backyard, that's all.	I know. But there's one important change. The flowers in Thorwald's pet flower bed
Valdes. Miss Valdes.  It's Spanish, you know.	Carlotta Valdes
It's really happening.	That you, Valerian
You DIDN'T tell me. Do you mean Malahide's got...	Yeah. The things you were talking about
Any children?	No, no children
What?	This stays between you and I.  We finally have an edge. I don't want to lose it
...all the luck in the world.	You do
Well get someone down there!	There isn't anyone! He's opened that whole sector now
You seem a decent fellow. I hate to kill you.	You seem a decent fellow. I hate to die
Who are you, the serial killer police?  What difference does it make?	It's not historically accurate, that's all
I only wear ties for funerals.	You don't get in without one. It's like a gentlemen's club for illusionists.  Except most of us aren't gentlemen
Huh?	You wasn't with her
You try Martin?	She didn't take my name when we were married
You don't have to explain. You have every right to come.	I can see why you put your faith in him. He's a genuine... good guy... Good at what he does. That's rare
By then it's too late! The only way to safely dispose of the nerve agent is in deep water! The chemicals will break down and dissipate!	Use your grenades! Maybe we can blow it up underwater
That is your birthright...but Michael, use this car.	No...I would like to walk to Corleone
Not a specific day. What's this about?	Megan, do you ever remember me getting sick
He was also a lunatic and a genocidal madman. I hate this painting.  I've felt very uncomfortable since they brought it up from storage.	Yeah, it's not the kind of thing you'd want to hang in the rec room.  You know what it needs?  A fluffy little white kitten in the corner
That's it, of course. When I'm up there and doing it, I'm cheating it every second. I'm subverting all laws...gravity...whatever. I'm skating the edge of it.	Winston Churchill
Oh, there is no hurry. Tonight he'll be at Rick's. Everybody comes to Rick's.	I have already heard about this cafe, and also about Mr. Rick himself
I was seeing Aaron and there were some ... complications.	He seemed quite taken with you
Well, whatever I am, I think I can get you whatever you'd like.	You do
Well, seeing as you have so much luck with cars, Buddy thought it might be better to bring two.  He got this guy he says you know from Lompoc, Glenn something.	Glenn Michaels
Where are you from originally, Annie?	San Francisco
Oh what a Maze.  Isn't it beautiful.	Yeah
Chris!	Knox!  what are you doing here
I hate the beach. Wouldn't go there if you paid me. Besides, I'm way overdue on my story about off-track betting in the Himalayas. You don't think it's the mafia, do you?	Its been very nice meeting you. I enjoy your column
Yeah, ha, hell of a night huh?	Real charmer
So tell me when I ain't done it.	How can I trust you when you look at me like that
Thanks. He knows I love this, although why it couldn't have waited...	Errand number one -- deliver Marge's perfume. Errand number two, pack some clothes and his precious saxophone
With your qualifications you must have had a lot of offers. Why here?	Furthest point I could find from New York
How about something to eat?	No, nothing
I didn't realise.	Is this my birthday
Huh?	Open up the trunk
You ought to come hear our preacher. Remember old Cat Iron? Well, our preacher is just as strong.	Next time when I feel a little better perhaps
Let's see -- you're -- you're travelling in disguise. No, that's not right.  I -- you're -- you're going on a visit.  No, I'm wrong. That's...You're -- running away.	How did you guess
Just knock it off! Would you two knock it off? Get in the car.	She started it. She started the whole thing. I'm just standin' here
Probably lookin' for a good place to stick a knife.	I just stopped by to tell you that I checked out the Acme probate
What?	I hope we win..
No, you... have to be.	I'm sorry, I'm not.  I'm just another guy.  Morpheus is the one that matters
I did. And his stomach is out of whack. So they need him for a couple of days.	Do it
Is that anything?	Thanks just the same
He's been tested for drugs?	Negative for drugs.  But he took on five cops like he was dusted to the eyeballs.  No drugs.  You believe that
...You know what those nincompoops in the boardroom are doing?	Well, I wouldn't call them nincom -
Not a clue.	A sign that the builders knew time travel through a black hole was possible
Now we dump Jake, split the money, then you're on your own.	But you said we could be together
You know what, kid? I think maybe you're a hustler.	Try me
Good.	Come with me
Stop...	...I'm positive this time..
Lar... sometimes when people are mad they say things they don't mean.	No, she hates me... I want to end everything here... now
Are you saying this filthy godless son of a pig knows where to find The City Of The Dead? Truly?	Yes and if you cut him down, we will give you ten percent
Okay.  Please, I have a headache, all right?	Hey, you are in a bad mood. You-you- you must be getting your period
From you?	From my father and Nolan
Good-bye, darling.	Good-bye, darling. I love you. I love you, darling
Admiral, I have a signal closing on the whales. Bearing 328 degrees.	On screen
That's father, Aubrey. SEAMUS Well yes I did.  Lived here my whole life.	Did you ever see a leprechaun
Every part, from his ears to his accessory belt, is high-impact, pressure-molded cocaine.  Odorless. Undetectable by dogs.  Undetectable by anyone.	I don't believe you
Yes, what?	Yes, I'll have dinner with you
That’s the one...	So you’re not at a non- profit firm
...a history of <u>nothing</u>, he was acquitted...	Moral turp...you're on my home court, friend, I have the Mayor and the town behind me, and forget making your movie: I may own the studio when I get through with you: I got a civil suit, I got rape, I got collusion..
Oh... I did so look forward to seeing all those people.	I'm sorry
Why would anyone do this?	I've done this.  I've had to do this
Let me translate. I've had some exposure to the language. The young man is from Brooklyn and he wants us to vacate this vehicle.	But weren't you supposed to meet the surgeons who are going to slice up the Congressman's son
Look fella...this is private...	Nothing's private..
They're watching the Hollis place. I can't get through.	What makes you think I could
You'd say if you mind?	No, I like him
I got this... feeling... a weird feeling... I can't explain it...	Did you take any sedatives before boarding, or on the plane. Sleeping pills
No. Bob did.	Bob. Bob. That's a palindrome.  I love palindromes
I'll hurry back.	Listen, Vanessa, whatever happens, I just want you to know that I feel bad about shagging that Italian girl. I had a sip of sake and all of the sudden, I don't know what happened. The whole time I was shagging her-- I mean really shagging her, I mean it was crazy, I was like a huge mechanical piston, in and out, IN and OUT!-
I await the word of Vigo.	The season of evil begins with the birth of the new year.  Bring me the child that I might live again
It was great.	You attacked me
What's the matter?	Nothin--  --I just remembered the name of a guy that owes me fifty bucks
Why?	A lot of reasons. But the main one would be I'm tired of it
We're going to go someplace new.	What about all my other stuff
Did you ever see 'Eldorado?'	What
What? whatwhatwhat?	"One more ""dude"" out of you and I'm gonna slap the shit outa you, okay? Now I'm trying to save you from yourself but you gotta stop letting your mama dress you, man! : Check it.."
You find something, Georgie?	Yep, I found something
No way!	Five hundred dollars
What?	Where are you taking us
Your wife a Lakers fan?	I am. I'm a fan of everything that's L.A. I love it out here
Now, George! Dinner's ready now!	Coming, Eileen..
I got the tape enhanced--and I managed to sleaze a photo blow-up. Jesus, he's gonna kill me when he finds out about the camera.	Gimme it
Humor me.  Eat it anyway.	Why are you here
Can I come in?	Yeah, sure
How long did you live there?	Two months
You quit?	Yeah.  Where you headed
What's the plan?	This operation is in two phases. Recon and rescue.  You are phase one.  Your two-man team will probe the site, confirm the presence of American POWs, if any, make photographic and tactical observations, then proceed to the extraction point without engaging the enemy
That's what you said?	Something witty and devastating like that
Petra, this ain't about the people that sent us here, you know that.	No, now it's about us. Let's do something for us before we both get killed. Don't you want to get to Bora Bora, Xander
Miami Beach is the only place for a real hustler. Florida has more rich chicks per square yard than any resort spot in the world. They lie out in their pagodas and pergolas waiting to grab the first jockstrap that passes.	What's all this sweet talk about Florida? Your friend O'Daniel got a stable down there now
I've come all this way and now Elora Dana's going to die!	No!  I can still defeat Bavmorda
They sound like you.	The Nazis did everything the führer told them. You do everything the Torah tells you. Or the rebbe. Identical slave mentality
Like what?	Go out there! Find somebody, ask some questions!  I'm sorry if I seem over-anxious to you. I keep thinking... something's wrong. I have to know what
Does Maranzano have to kiss you on the lips before you'll take his goddamn money?	If he's gonna fuck me up the ass
Why, it's an artistic institution—	We own an opera house, don't we
We're close to something here -- we're on the verge --	You're on the verge, Mulder -- please don't do this to me -
Please, except my humblest apologies...	Don't worry. I have a job this morning. I must go to visit my good friend George Rutagunda. You know George
A virus called Da Vinci will cause oil spills at 10:30 AM Eastern Time tomorrow.	It's somehow connected with the worm that's stealing the money
Yeah.	It just seems...kind of weird
"""Because""? That's not good enough. I asked you a question, Graham. I asked you ""how does it feel""? How does it feel, Mr. I Want To Go Down On You But I Can't? Do you know how many people you've sucked into your weird little world? Including me? Come on, how does it feel?"	I can't tell you like this
His foot. Jeez, poor Ronnie...	Yeah, I'm really gonna miss him
It's about time.	It is
Maybe I should just move to China. One kid per family, that way you don't lose your room.	Hey, why don't you just keep your room and we'll put the baby in the back yard
It was me. He just told me how...I wish he could tell me now.	If he was able, what would he say
I'm going to convert Mr. Science-is- the-root-of-all-evil?  This is absurd, David.  We have work to do here, I don't have time to play babysitter to the God Squad.	Ellie -
So the chest is still out there somewhere.	Yes. So as soon as Zimmer shows up, we'll get our check and blow this pop stand before anyone finds out anything
They announced it?	Yah
Lily.	Lily...  ...Skip, that's great! You and Lily
I told you she wasn't especially attractive, but that she had a good deal of charm, and she's really a real nice girl...	She's all right, Andy. It's just that I get one Saturday night off every three weeks, and I was expecting something better, that's all
I'm really the only one qualified to remote-pilot the ship anyway. Believe me, I'd prefer not to.  I may be synthetic but I'm not stupid.	All right.  Let's get on it.  What'll you need
No, please.	I mean to come to my opera. You are the only colleague who did
Student?	No.  You said three-fifty
You're --	Two:  There's nothing out there but noble gasses and carbon compounds and you'd be wasting your time
Neurology?	No
What are you talking about? I won't accept this! Get out! God damit!	Remember what that guy at The Slaughtered Lamb said? 'Beware the moon.
I will. Then I am going to the meeting of the --	-- Don't tell me where you're going
"""It looked extremely rocky for the Boston nine that day."""	You're afraid to risk believing. Believe in them. Believe in your self. Take a risk. It will humanize you as a person
Just some flies.	"Some flies?  I think this qualifies as way more than ""some."
I'm sorry about this, Mr. Wyatt. I didn't know who she was.	All right, you didn't know
The thing is, Senator, and I don't want to get in the middle of nothing, but--	What are you saying
Now there's a picture I'd like you to --	You said someone killed them, you said you know who, you said that
What does it mean?	The danger. The one Nigel spoke of. It must be near 
Razor and Blade! They're flakes!	They're elite! Let's get 'em
I beg your pardon, sir?	Outside
I knew Tom never wrote that letter.	What else do you know
You think it killed . . .  Yeah, I guess not.	Let's just get out of here
It's because he desires you.  The women get all the breaks at these conferences.	It's true!  I was here last year doing a piece, remember?  I was in the bar with all these Northern trade unionists and their sponsored MPs.  They were all incredibly fat and beery, huge trousers and braces. And so sweet.  They all stood round me like children saying 'You! Working for television?  You're just a young thing.'  They wouldn't let me buy drinks even when I told them the programme was paying. They kept looking at my pass which was pinned here and saying  'Oo, can I?
Where's housekeeping? They won't pick up.	Sir, no one wants to work. They say the boss has left
Not at all.  It taught me a little sense.  I got me a job in the mail room, worked up to the Stenographic. Now I'm a reader...	Come clean, Betty.  At night you weep for those lost closeups, those gala openings..
What's bothering you, Madison?	The pain is getting worse. I need more aspirin
I've been getting ninety-sixes my whole life.  It's what they expect. After all this, I still haven't figured it out.	Figured what out
They get about twelve and a half minutes. Tops.	Trust me, Jimmy, there's big money behind this.  Not just big.  BIG.  Like big business big.  Big corporation big.  Big government big.  Our little acre alone'll net hundreds a thousands.  Nothing but net
We've got to go now, then.	That's right
He's decent.	He's kind
Four of Mr. Hartman's Deputy Sheriffs were rushed to the hospital --	A fine fair-weather friend you are
And the one on the right is the bullet you test-fired from Shu's gun?	Correct
Hello. Are you still mad at me?	I'm not mad at you
But I want you to know that I understand why you're afraid--a lot of good people down there at the Committee are afraid. I'm really sorry for what you're being put through.	All those articles you people write-- where do you find that stuff
Who ?	Bear with me here..
What about Marla?	She's... you... you're fucking her
Hello.	After our talk last night I took it for granted that you would drop in here this morning. Knowing how difficult it is to get into Soviet Russia, I thought I might be of some assistance to you.  May I introduce myself? I am the Duchess Swana of Russia... another Russia
Directing suits you.	I'm not so sure.  Look again in three months
Come on, we're celebrating. I say we pop it.	That's a 1992 Byron. It's really rare. Don't open it now. I've been saving it
Oh... I'm sorry. Was I singing again?	If you want to call it that
Sorry, old man. Work.	Midge, what did you mean, there's no losing it
What the hell is that?	The engines
I told you. I like you.	See, I never knew that
I've been contradicted all my life... Eternity!	Only God knows the meaning of such words, my son
Fok Yu and Fok Yu Two...are we strolling down memory lane for any particular reason?	No, it just struck me as odd...I don't see you for all these years and you've still got the same tape stuck in the box
You always were sneaky, Stan, very sneaky.	Rick, marriage will be good for you. It's done wonders for me
Nothing happened.	Then why aren't you testifying for their side
I have someone for you to play Blueface with Junior.	Blueface! Blueface is my favorite
It might give us time to search out some weakness in the Martians.	I believe we can get a lead from their anaemic blood
From here on in you want something you pay cash for it: no credit cards, no bank accounts are in place: ten percent up front, the rest when the job is done.  You.  What do you do and what should we call you?	These days they they call me Gregor -- and I'm a tech.  I do electronic work, surveillance, computer runs
How'd you find me?	Helen, she sent along your things with a note, and John here, he wrote to the police
Up on the right.	And when you think of it, it's not so surprising that a small group of people control the whole world, is it
Well, here are fifty francs.	Thank you, Comrade, thank you
Bandit two, you read me?	You're soundin' real bodacious. Back
Bullshit.	All right! Backyard! Right now
It's always been one of my favorite names.	If you like -- just hurry
I hear what you're saying, but I know what you're thinking.	What
Yeah.  I know what it's like.	Then tell me what happened
How long... how long I been out?	You been in and out goin' on two... maybe two days
I helped Jamie with the first one.	I thought she built it herself
Thank you so much for your help Mr...?	Dallas. Korben Dallas
What if I have a previous engagement?	Break it
How quaint.	It's spring break. I don't want to go to a will reading
No, Nick, please --	Who
Oh--no, no!	There is time. It is still dark
This is how you pick up women --	-- No
"One wallet containing four thousand francs -- one agenda --  -- his last notation was made yesterday -- Thursday --  ""Five p.m. -- Jardin des Champs- Elysées""  Why there?"	I don't know. Perhaps he met somebody
A time machine! Because of that Coke?!	Precisely
Are you sure you...?	Yes
You lost my money?	You could say that. And Friedman left this morning for Los Angeles
Darling!...you will be careful!?	Of course
Yes.	And here are my mother and father
-- you lose either way, Price --	-- listen to the man -
Like you said, maybe somebody's tracking one of your investigations.	Hardware's too sophisticated.  It's gotta be the government.  And why do I think they're looking for you
What do you mean -- wuss? This girl is my exact type. It's her. Definitely her.	It's definitely your mama
Done.  Bring it to me in London.  I want it by the end of the week.	How will you make sure Job will be there
Shut up, I'm trying to watch this.	It's your favourite..
GET OUT!	Don't cry
This has everything to do with me Dewey. I was the one who brought the nation's attention to this shit anyway. I'll be damned if I'm gonna sit around and pass on the buck again.	Do you really mean it this time Gale
Sleep.  It'll be light soon.	Okay.  Talk some more
No, not really. They're about the same. My marriage was one long headache.	So the headaches may not even be a part of this
I'm the one.  I did it.  I tore down Paul's posters.	Looks at her skeptically  doesn't say a word
So?	So let's kill the motherfucker. I mean, what are you guys... like that's your new thing right
Lest we forget, Peter, your own military career was somewhat less illustrious than Luke's.	It's wrong, Leo
"Anyhow...	you wake up and she's gone. But--  --this is my favorite part--  she leaves you the keys to a brand new Beemer."	She stole my car!
Uh...Digging that waterhole for Nestor.	Burt and Heather's place is closer. Let's do their kitchen today.  Do Nestor tomorrow
Tonight.  Well, you've started a Tempest in a Teapot.	Waal, that's where you <u>want</u> em..
No. What do you mean? BARRY I just wanted to know. When was the last time you had a boyfriend?	About six months ago. Why
If only blood will appease you, then shed mine.	You'd suffer in her stead
Jed's got cables.	Go to sleep
We did our best, Comrade.	I hope so for your sake.  Let us examine the case. What does the lawyer say
Edna! Come dance with me! Let's be foolish tonight.	Does he *know* he's supposed to be in India? Does he even *want* to come back
Jessica!  He'll drive there for me, and I'll drive to Ann Arbor for him. We're going to have sex when he's ready and I'm ready.  It's got to be completely perfect.  I want the right place, the right time, the right moment.	Vicky, it's not a space shuttle launch, it's sex.  So did you do the physics write-up
I'd never admit that.	Hurry up, Flash
Come on. Let's go for a drink.	I don't really like to drink
That's okay, Charlie. I'm a playwright. My shows've only played New York. Last one got a hell of a write-up in the Herald. I guess that's why they wanted me here.	Hell, why not? Everyone wants quality. What kind of venue, that is to say, thematically, uh..
Patch me through to the Bomb Squad.	Aren't you on suspension
This is Commander Donatra of the Valdore. We're dispatching shuttles with medical personnel and supplies.	Thank you, Commander
What?	I'm sorry you're frustrated
"Five minutes, not a second more. And I don't want to hear a word about ""us""."	No problem
One who's not a mutant.	No dogs, huh? Okay
Call me -- do you know -- would you -- would you like to call me by my first name?	Oh, no
Are you tired?	No. Are you tired
He's not home, I tell you!	I wanna see that guy
Mmm, that's a good one.  Maybe his echo...  Okay, no more stalling.	Okay, okay... there
What?	"Just say ""I swear I won't kill anyone."
That's probably not the problem, then. What about your lifestyle. Any major changes recently?	I've been trying to finish a book..
You's the novelty, Champ!	Give my main man a raise!
We're 125 million dollars in debt?	Yes
You think that's really any of your business?	Well, you did invite me here
Okay, you're in your bed, Will. Now how old are you?	Seven
So what do you think?  Should we get a room?	Should we get a what
Sovereign.	You found Leo, didn't you? Took the poor asshole's money and put it in a locker, ready to go.  Why haven't you left
Joey, a garbage file holds miscellaneous data. Junk. Bits of stuff that's been erased, man.	I copied it from Ellingson, okay? They're asking me about it, alright? Will you take a look for me
Lucky kid.	Look, I ain't saying it was right, but sometimes things happen
I understand.	You're sure
He doesn't want you at all.  He's after someone named Skywalker.	Luke?  I don't get it
Mikey.  Hold it, Mikey-- I want you to talk to me.  Mikey.  I'm telling you.. don't make me... Mikey   Gimme the 140.	Oh. Shit. it's in the car-
That's what the Kurgan said.	The Kurgan was a pussy
My stomach's growling.	There's an old Fudgesicle over there. You want it
We can't finish the job.  She's on her sixth painter, now she's thinking maybe she wants the fireplace rebricked --	I know her pretty well.  Maybe I could call her -
I don't know.	Is this bad for him
Problem is, his fantasy life's a lot better than his real one. Nothing can live up to it. His wife got sick of it and left him. Took his kids with her.	I wondered what happened to her..
My desire betrays me, like goosebumps on my flesh.	I have a bit of a goosebump fetish. Not many people know that
You know? You might not be too bad a bargain for Lisa after all.	You don't say! I might just take that compliment as an insult
SHUT UP, MISS HENRIED! I TOL' YA B'FORE!	THIS IS A TRAVESTY! CAPTAIN RHODES IS..
What's this big, big news?	What would you say if I told you that you were going to the Homecoming Dance tomorrow night
What did I tell ya 'bout dat noise?	What did I tell ya 'bout dem pictures
350 miles.	Now, Mr. Hawkins, when last in Amarillo, where did you get gas
...I s'pose you did that so I could take my sweater off or something.	No, just stand there... lemme look at you a minute
My heart died a long time ago.	It is not dead. It is hiding
Fine Fidget. What's all this?	Oh man. You gotta see this. It's a spectacle. A real spectacle
It was nothing.  We were both working on some movie, and a special effects thing went horribly wrong.  Terry and Chuck were...hurt.  You were almost...  You were even cut.	You probably were half awake and saw me get nicked by that picture glass.  Dreams work like that.  You want me not to go on this job
What are you trying to say? Just because I dress well and like to dance --	What? No. I'm trying to figure out why we each ended up with different symptoms
My Jewish friend's grandmother did.	Well, no one in my family did! Dad bought cemetery plots at Oak Ridge. One for him, one for mom
Are you saying...Renard is the man who’s trying to kill me?	You can drop the act, it’s over
I'm a prodigal son, the black sheep of a white flock -- I shall die on the gallows.	Really
Are you trained in the ways of the desert?	No, but many consider my training valuable
We had to bring staff in from the whole county to handle this.	I appreciate it, doctor. You know how it is, press screaming for answers, Washington's all over me.  Ever handle a serial case
I know there is.  And you're what I have to bargain with. For now you're the last one in their way.	I told you, they're <u>dead</u>.  It's finished
Did I say something wrong?	I suffer from insomnia
She had it, before she drank herself to death.  Wasn't exactly a love child...	Suzie.  Then you're not her grandmother..
You'll always be there.  In his mind.  The perfect creature he loved for all those y...	Well, perfection can get wearing after whi..
We toil and labor, we loot and pillage, rape and kill... and yet...	You talking piffle, son
Don't worry about him.  Think about yourself.	What about my movie rights?  Book rights
An apartment uptown?  Downtown?	Maybe, who knows
What else?	A crucifix
You need to lighten up.	Can't you give me something
What happened?	She didn't hear me. She asked me to repeat, so she could understand what I said. But I wouldn't repeat it. Outta shyness. So I'm a bachelor
Why are you telling me this?	I'm telling you this because... we've all lost our children, Mr. Ansel
So is my wife, asshole!!	She's not property, John, she's a person. Were you just going to keep right on lying to her
You can't walk me home.	Why not 
Depends on the varietal. Just get a sense of it. Thick? Thin? Watery? Syrupy? Inky? Amber, whatever...	Huh
But, this could be serious.	No...I need to sleep
Yeah?  Maybe the organisms like the heat, that's why they built...	That's not what I mean.  Gorman, if your men have to use their weapons in there, they'll rupture the cooling system
Will you get a hold on yourself.	Don't touch me!  Don't touch me
Wait a minute!--They're dancing in the palm court--	Good-by
I think you need your balls reattached.	Keep it down, dude
Now, wait a minute, Dad...	Sure. What's worth doing is worth doing for money. It's a bad bargain where nobody gains. And if this deal goes through, we all gain
How do we get out of here?	Sewers. Come on
Yes, sir.	I'll dispatch a convoy to meet him
Are you?	And dogged when I set my mind to something
You jivin' me?	Well, I haven't come around
Why, it's a man!  A man made out of tin!	What
Right.	I knew it. And the tomb of Sir Richard
Only one guys checked in?	Yeah
Jaguar's a darn pretty car.	I thought if I could spend that kinda money on a car, it'd mean everything else was fine.  I don't even know how much they cost
Just a minute, General.  Listen, don't let them fool you with all their grand la-de-da.  They've all made their money from the war -- mostly from crooked war contracts. They say Citizen Barras has put away millions.	I see..
You win some, you loose some.	I lose 'em all, that's why I'm still out here on this rock.  Anything else you wanna ruin my day with
How you doin'?	How you doin'
I couldn't tell you that.  It would ruin the game.	The game's almost over, Peter, and you're running out of time
Las Vegas -- she's here somewhere.	But where
Thanks, miss.	You're too kind. I'm Amanda
It's our pleasure.	The last time was a Chuck E. Cheese party a year ago. He hid in one of those purple plastic tunnels and didn't come out
Eight units.  Mountain View.	You did that
You'll want a cocktail dress then.  Turn.  You have a beautiful figure.  A little too out in the open but simply lovely.  Size six? Do you need shoes?	I dunno.  Do thigh high, leather boots go with a cocktail dress
You're not takin' me to downtown <u>Toon</u>town?	Indeed we are.  We'll continue the interrogation there
Right. CHINA I need a taking care of,  not `hey how bout a pizza after class babe'.  I'm looking  for something just a little more in a man.  A little `je nes se qua'.	A little what? CHINA See.  You don't even speak French
Why are you telling me this?	I thought it only fair you should know, given how hard you've worked
Parsons School of Design. I knew growing up I wasn't much to look at, so I put my energy into making things that are pretty.	What's that pleasant smell coming from, your skin
I have to talk to you. It's very important.	I'm not doing any tutoring this year. I'm too busy
Jim, I've got to go.  I'm already late--	Listen, Ted...I just want to tell you, when old man Schmidt retires next year, I've got a prett
Room service.  What do you drink?	Diet coke
Victory is the same as defeat. It's giving in to destructive competitive urges.	You learn that in your psychotherapy group
Yeah. Sure. Had me going for a while.	Wouldn't have made a bad story, would it
Okay. Tell me. What's the Five Point Plan?	All right. Pay attention
Is this you?	No, it's Tom's. Splendid, eh
We're having the wedding sometime near the end of the summer.	Not acknowledging Harry's comment You'll be okay little fish
Hey, you want to hear my short story now?	Huh
Is it sabotage, does my career mean nothing to you? Have you no human consideration?	Show me a human and I might have
Come in.  Hi.	Got a minute? I... need a little counseling.  First time for everything. Do I... lie down... or what
Pardon me, I am very interested in what you just said -- you mean when an envoy goes back to Russia -- if they don't like what he has done they put him out of the way?	Not always... look at me... I've been back twice
May I make two suggestions... ?	Do you really expect me to participate without knowing a single thing
Go home, Walter.	Now I know. It's when I can see a girl, be near a girl, even talk to a girl... and walk away.  That's my idea of being normal
Uh, last night...	Yeah, I should've stuck up for you, man, I know. You're my friend, she's your old lady
It's a strange world isn't it? Do you know what building the woman lives in?	Yeah. It's close by. that's what's creepy. They've had her under surveillance for a couple of months, except I don't know what they've found out because my father isn't in charge of her
Oh no...I think there's carrots in here...	Send it back if you don't want it
But... what will you do?	I will invade England. And defeat the English on their own ground
Because I know what it says.	Maybe you're afraid of what it says
Yes.  Initially.	Well, 'initially' is an interesting word, sir.  You'd <u>been</u> arrested, you <u>had</u> a lawyer, and you <u>still</u> claimed ignorance
Well, yeah.  But you gotta start making some choices.	Choices
Russians exploded an A-bomb.	Yeah
I almost didn't.	Lee... uh..
I think I'll just hang out here. Make sure the sun comes up and everything.	You sure
Why not?	I'm afraid
I'm not gonna kill him. Shut the fuck up. What, do you know what you're talkin' about? I'm not killing anyb-	Oh, well, then, have him killed and get it over with
My family did everything they could - hired the most beautiful French upstairs maids - got a special tutor to read me all the books that were banned in Boston - imported a whole troupe of Balinese dancers with bells on their ankles and those long fingernails - what a waste of money!	Have you ever tried American girls
Is he in his room?	"Of course he's in his room.  All his ""friends"" are in there"
Crypto-fascist? Who talks like this?!	I refuse to turn out like them. Twenty-one years old and they're already looking for a husband.  Stupid fucking cunts with no self- esteem. They let the boys control their lives. Not me
They destroyed the simulator room and you with it.	The <u>Kobayshi Maru</u> scenario frequently wreaks havoc with students and equipment.  As I recall you took the test three times yourself. Your final solution was, shall we say, unique
What was that she called you, Jimmy?	Fergus
Can I ask you a question? Why did you come here today? If you found this deed, why didn't you just ask Eddie?	Because he's dying
How strange. And how unsatisfactory to have misleading information. Only three people here. You're sure?	Yes, absolutely
Good morning.	John, there's someone here who would like to meet you. Would that be alright
Am I going?  Am I going to England?  I've thought about this quite a bit, and I've realised what I probably should do is just carve out a goal for my future and find out what I wanna do with my life, do all the stuff that I've been avoiding in a big way. I mean, Diane and I can wait for each other, right?  What's she gonna... she's gonna run off with some English guy?  There's no way.	Well Lloyd, I admire you for not hitching a ride.  You know, my daughter's a lot different to you
What am I looking for? You're the one talking deal.	Friday's the drop-dead date on the offer
They're connecting the conduits to subspace communications...	They're converting the deflector dish into an antennae..
Do you really think so?	You know it is
That's one thing you are going to learn, Shelly, -- HOW TO CLEAN. It takes scrubbing, Shelly. There is no easy way. THIS IS WHERE WE LIVE, SHELLY.	As if I didn't know
But nothing did.	Yup. That’s why you get to keep your money
Our house.  There was water coming in all the windows.	You're worried we're going to be all right.  We're going to be all right.  I remember sometimes you'd have nightmares as a baby.  Your mom would hold you and rock you and sing you a song
I don't think that's a good idea.	Look, yesterday wasn't my idea. That was all Gale and dollar signs and ratings
It's almost over!!	No. It's not
They're married all right. I just seen the license.	They made me get 'em a rope and a blanket, on a night like this
That way.  You?	That way
That's him! He did it!	Hey, mon, I don't know what your trip is, but..
That's not how he tells it.	Of course not, that Swedish thief! He's a thief of hearts!  I love you, Gabrielle
Is he all right?	Far as I know
Mr. Roebush?	Roebush! That's  the guy! Buddy, he's gonna nail our behinds to the wall! this is Special Order! He said he had to have it before...  Omigod!! What's tomorrow
Buffy, what are you doing here?	I thought we were meeting here
What man? What is it?	Yo, let me get in your parent's room man. Just fir a little while
Ready for what, baby?	Whatever
Why should I help that old fuck.	Yeah, what did Buzz Fazeli ever do for you
Finally!?  It's people like these who, as soon as they get a little power, want more and more.  More ale, here!	Again, just to touch on a touchy subject, but... would the people accept another leader over Washington
Intruder alert!	Let's go
Looking to score?	Unh-unh, little brother.  I got a natural high.  A supernatural high
Chicken blood on the crops.	"...Chicken blood? Who said it was... ""chicken blood"""
Meaning me, of course. I'm referring to myself. You have to assume Monkeybone would be a pretty lucrative franchise...	Baby? Why don't you just...rest on the sofa for a minute. I'll be right back
I couldn't go near that woman.	I said all right
And so now you're off to Glades.	Apparently, yeah.  I was supposed to leave last night with the lady marshal, but for some reason she wanted to wait
Were.  Give me the tracking monitor!	Why?  What are you going to do?
That's all?	Be deliriously happy.  Or at least leave yourself open to be
Look, if you don't mind, I haven't got time to listen to the whole plot ...	I'll make it short
She's refusing to leave Balmoral.	What's her excuse this time
God, you're really obsessed...	I am not -- I just think it'd be funny to see what he'd do..
If you'd listened to me he would be neutralized already!	I don't want neutral...I want dead -
No.	Indy, they glow like fire and get real crazy! Then he talk in this real scary voice
This sucks.	Yeah, heh heh
You still collect them?	Yes
I was in his cabin--	What!--are you crazy
-- Then you don't need me.	But if it's someone else I do
Not just every six weeks.	Yeah, I know
What's that mean, no employment certificate?	You have to have an employment certificate to work for one of the German firms in the ghetto, otherwise..
We know all that we need to know --	But there's so much to tell you -
My... My head.	Headache, huh? Too much sun, I guess. You want to come in?  Still got forty- five minutes outside if you want it
But he saw you, right?	He said hello
Oh... well, maybe we better synchronize our spells... or stagger them.	You were going to get my door
Which mountains are those dear?	The Alps
We need money first...	Yeah... Bobby you gotta..
No, man. Hey. No, you know what? Hey, it's you, man. It's, you know what, you know what it is? It's this tarpit of stupidity that we're all stuck in. It's this cell. It's this void, you know.	Oh, no, man, look. Look, you know, it's me, okay? I come out here and I'm, so used to everyone, you know, kissing my ass and I think I'm a fucking star, man, and I'm really sorry if I'm full of attitude. I, I really..
No, she didn't.	Yes, she did, didn't she
A movie *outside*?	Yes. But it's closed all the time now, because of the blackout
We're gonna get laid, baby.	First let's see what happens if we play it cool
Tell my son.  You have to hold a gun to his head to get him to come see me.	Tell me about it
I'm sure that's it.	There are no objections to my staying here with her, are there
Yes. I know. Well, you can help now. I issued a statement yesterday that I've withdrawn my objections. Begging her to come home. I haven't heard from her. Apparently she doesn't trust me.	Why should she? After all
You must bring something heavy to the deal.	That's right, me
Six thousand dollars. Five thousand eight hundred and fourteen dollars, to be exact.	So you robbed the robbers, and now the robbers are after you
Goddamnit!  How many times I told you --	We got a gift for you, Eddie.  Fresh new BMW
Jesus.  Valentin.  What did you do to your face?	It was me
Well, you were pretty great!	Is it really your camper
What are you doing?	The plants, from space.  Their particles are still charged.  With the right amount of energy, those ions could <u>create</u> the elemental profile of the cosmic storm
Did you hear about my misfortune, Robert?	What
Hey, don't be such a fuckin' smartass, will you?  I mean, I know the fuckin' guy thirty-five years, I'm gonna fuckin' whack him for you?  Fuck... motherfucker! I knew this, I knew it.	What about my money
And what does he do again?	He used to work with you.  Until you found out he was having an affair with your wife
... yeah.	C'mon, are you or aren't you
Think I'll have a glass.	Help yourself. Everyone else has
Guess who I did it with last night...	Roger in Op/Ed
I'm not sure I can make you understand.  You know what this is?	A figure of St. Sebastian
Oh yes we have... are you alone, Mr. Gittes?	Isn't everybody? What can I do for you, Miss Sessions
You stay with me.	Dinner will be served, shortly, dear
What is it you find incredible?	Well...where would you like me to start? Antarctica is a long way from Dallas, Agent Scully. I can't very well submit a report to the Attorney General that alleges the links you've made here. Bees and corn crops do not quite fall under the rubric of domestic terrorism
Look, I can't cry with a faker present.	Candy-stripe a cancer ward.  It's not my problem
Yes. Shut down and locked by the attorneys.	What'd I tell you? Kid-lawyers! The S.E.C.! Damn them
We're a team...My...talent. Your... mobility.	Thanks
Why would you do a thing like --	You thought about it too. You've been suspicious for a while. But it's not happening in there. It's happening in the Day Care
What about rehearsal?	Gotta
It's a bit of a climb.  You guys think you can make it?	Nope
You like it?	Oh it's so funny
Remember when I went to Italy and canceled the policy on the new stadium.  Well, we weren't being cheated by the Mafia or anybody except maybe by me...  ... Do they come for lunch everyday? I really went on my own business, to see a man that I happen to be in love with... and I'm glad I did it, but I'm sorry about the policy and I'll be happy to make up the money the company didn't get... of course just now I don't have...  One million, four hundred and ten thousand dollars.  But if you were to dock my salary, say, twenty dollars a week, in a few hundred years we'd be even... and I think this is where you fire me?	You're right.  You're fired
Captain -- they've been probed all this week -- Cong and NVA regulars. There's gonna be a big offense any time.	I know
He's cute.	Very
And he got cancer by chewing fluorescent bulb glass...?	No, he got hit by a bus
<i>                                          ... You're no fun.</i>	<i>                      Shut up and listen...!</i
Father...	Rise, Mordred
What happened to her?	There was only one job. Teresa took the job. Her friend took a hike. Never saw her again
You didn't goof it up, but you still owe me one. I want to sneak in tonight. It's Friday, do you have a date tonight?	Yes. I do
Well, Cohaagen, I have to hand it to you...This is the best mindfuck yet.	Don't take my word for it, Quaid. Someone you trust wants to talk to you
But those instructions, they're recorded in the computer.	Nope. The CD instructs the computer to replace those instructions with an innocuous loan coded XJ-6
Who the hell are they?	Brothers of Brother Johnson
I am not mad.	As a march hare
I don't believe it.	Honest.  Didn't know where to look till I was 21
A Vampire-King?  You mean like Dracula?	Oh, yes.  And the man from your dreams.  Lothos
Are you all right?	Did it work
I always wear gloves when I shoot people.  A bad joke--but better than tears.	Time's up.  I'm off the case
...Geez.	Yah. Say, Lou, ya hear the one about the guy who couldn't afford personalized plates, so he went and changed his name to J2L 4685
She's on TV.	If you don't start telling the truth..
And I got mine, meaning you.  Nice how that works out.  I'm serious this time, I'm closing this place down.	James, you see my kids back there?  You know how much I'm paying for private school?  How can you come in here with this attitude, you being little Chang's godfather
...-ty.	Where's Sam
Just a little. I've had a tough day.	I don't see the humor in this. Go to your room immediately. You're grounded
I s'pose his name's David Ravell.	How did you know
I've even printed my own currency.	"""Emperor Miguelito...?"
Mr Brown.	Yes, ma'am
On New Year's Eve. Sometimes on his birthday.	Man, is this interesting
I suppose. Though they was leavin' in a hurry.	It's all the goddamned money, Ed Tom. The money and the drugs.  It's just goddamned beyond everything. What is it mean? What is it leading to
I thought you said I wasn't going to see her.	It's just five minutes.  She comes in. You wave to the press. She leaves
Who are you?  Why is the Green Destiny in your possession?	What's it to you
Where's the hot back -- the therapeutic pad thing?	I can't hear a word you're saying
It's a long shot, but...Billy used to tend bar here a few years back. I heard him talk about it.	This part of town, they'll make us for heat the second we walk in. Just back me up like you've got a piece..
And Donovan's a scumbag for coming on to you.	Yes, he is
that I've got to... ah... ah... They're gonna laugh at him for a couple minutes, then I gotta go out there, I gotta ... get laughs, too. How much can they laugh?  They-they they're laughed out.	Do you feel all right
And you caught it!  Only the chosen one could have done that.	I don't want to be the chosen one, okay?  I don't want to spend the rest of my life chasing after vampires!  I just want to graduate from high school, go to Europe, marry Charlie Sheen and die.  It may not sound too exciting to a sconehead like you, but I think it's swell.  And then you come along...  and... and then I'm a member of the hairy mole club, so you throw things at me
Thanks for the shine.	Thanks for the tip
"""Dear Diane, I'll always be there for you, all the love in my heart, Lloyd.""  I've never gotten a letter like this, have you?"	I dream about it
Oh yes, I think so.	Look out, Samuel, here it comes
No, I seriously doubt that Pony's gonna be in a limo.	That's the rock star thing
You're right.  I can't stand that bastard.  Sorry.  This is something new.  Not the same guy, that's for sure.	Yeah, everything's different
How are you doing?	Fine... I guess. You
I will once I get past the bulkhead.  Good luck.	You too
You're not kidnapping her, are you?	What else, stupid! You don't think we're after that penny-ante reward, do you?  Ten thousand bucks? Chicken feed! We're holding her for a million smackers
You want company?	Maybe someday
So do I.	We gotta go, Jack
"How... was she ""called?"""	Pardon
You have to put blinders on sometimes. Most times.	I don't know why I asked you to come
They're everywhere. Nobody's safe. And sure as hell not in the South. They like warm weather... You'd never believe it. In L.A. it's out of control. First it was drugs, now it's witchcraft.	Witchcraft? Shit, you can't mean it
The people came to see a motion <u>Picture</u>.  ...hold on...	He's saying, what are you saying, Bobby
What was that Dell, I lost you, do you read me?	Yeah, but this is hard work.  Can't talk now
Oh -- Oh -- Oh!  Toto -- Toto!	Did they hurtcha
What are these?	Mixed hard bondage.  Rape films. Sick shit.  Buy five, get one free
Adam, you had a photo of Big Foot!	This is different.  Eventually she'll take someone to the attic. And then what?  We've got to try to contact this guy Betelmyer. We gotta get some help, hon
So we just pretend none of this ever happened. We never met. We --  -- You're going to get yourself killed, Bruce. You know that, don't you?	No one would miss me
Congratulations.	Uh-huh. So what are you doing here
It had this red spot on its back.	Green spot
There's nothing here.	Was the child full term
No thanks.	Don't worry, I won't report you
Oh, really: who?	Didn't catch his or her name, just followed them down here. Somebody all in white surgical gown
You don't have to do anything!	Then let me give you something then..
Fifty dollars more.  That's a lot of money when you don't have a dime. And where'd you plan on getting the money from?  Maybe you thought you'd pay your friend Jake McKenna a visit.	It's not like that
The Hulmes will look after me. They want me to live with them!	Don't be so ridiculous. You're our daughter, you belong here with us
Doesn't that strike you as odd?	No. She's probably scared to death
What's happening to us?	It's all right
May I ask who's calling?	John Millaney
So how'd you get caught?	Suits used to say that in any con, sooner or later someone's going to start asking the right questions. Usually, it takes a little longer
I love this fuckin' place... That sounds crazy. I know that sounds crazy, but I love this fuckin' place... If anything happens, Nick, don't leave me there. I mean it. Don't leave me... You gotta promise, Nick. You gotta promise me that.	Merle -
The only way to get discipline into these men is to beat it into them! Fifty lashes each!	Sir, Congress hasn't issued their pay for two months, many have not eaten properly for at least that long.  You're being a little hard on them, don't you think
No.	Are you sure
You're really crazy.	You're not going to use that gun, Johnny
The forest is not safe these days. You'd best travel with us.	<u>Me</u>? Travel with <u>you</u>? I am Ergo the Magnificent ...  ... short in stature ...  ... tall in power ...  ... narrow of purpose ...  ... wide of vision. And I do not travel with peasants and beggars. Goodbye
Hurling --	What
Everybody in the county knows it was you who rescued Cole. We're all so proud of you, Jesse. And not a single farm's been sold to the railroad since. You're everybody's hero.	I wasn't the only one risking my neck that day
We'll go to the show tomorrow night--we can change the tickets.	Don't you want dinner first
No, you'd better send him. May I use your phone?	Yes, certainly
Love...	"Yes! But ""love"" isn't the operative word here, PEACE is"
That's the plan.	Good enough
We've got too many wounded for us to handle now! Get on the phone right away and...	Yes, sir, I'll see if I can reach General Hammond in Seoul for you. You think he'll finally break down and give us two more surgeons
What are you talking about?	I gotta friend over there.  He was telling me things are kind of slow. So, I figured I'd give him a call, have him come down here and look through your records.  You know, give him something to do
You didn't want us calling anybody. Too liable to ruin your big payday.	I didn't touch the fucking radio
Minneapolis... good.	You're full of tricks, aren't you
But I am a possessive, fragile neurotic.	"No you are not.  You're Sally Nash. Listen to me, you're Sally Nash.  You're my best friend and I love you more than anyone, and you're not going to move to London to have the offspring of a sexually ambivalent man-child.  ""Oh now I'm a novelist, oh now I'm a director..."" English prick bastard Joe Therrian who's probably going to leave you for Skye Davidson anyway"
Three days? We could kill 'em tomorrow.	I don't kill nobody without him
It'd be an adventure.	I thought we were going to try for a baby.  Isn't that enough of an adventure
Kirk to Enterprise. Damage report, Spock?	Admiral, if we go by the book, like Lieutenant Saavik, hours could seem like days
Why?	...'cause every time I try to be helpful, you know, sh-she gets so defensive
Why?	I can't... Forget the baby. Okay? The closest I was able to get you was Lathrop Wells. You'll have to hitchhike the rest of the way
I've got to go to town and pick up the trailer and all that other stuff, but I'll be back around ten. If you're still up, we can talk, okay?	Sure
Pat Gray'll do anything we ask him. That's why I appointed him.	He'll need a pretext.  He'll never figure one out for himself
How's it feel, huh? How's it feel to be back?	Great. Feels great... Fuckin' A
I left the gate open and Otis got out! He could get hit by a car!	God willing
I think I could pull through, sir.	Good Concorde ... stay here and rest awhile
...Monday nights? I host an open mike...	You're a comedian
You've never seen prairie grass with the wind leaning on it, have you, Diz?	Is the wind tired out there
This is the shell.  What about the gun?	Well.  What about it
No special conditions?	No conditions
She couldn't come I said. Are you nervous?	No
I am SO SICK of being right.	Let's get out of here before one of those things kills guy
God, what an ass.	COME IN PROTECTOR... PROTECTOR..
Your fellow hero, untouched...	...and unharmed, de-..
With me?	Don't you remember?  He has this bad tooth - it got impacted - the whole jaw swole up 
But you've never figured out a way to win.	No
Whose truth are you talking about?	Mom, we can't let something like this mess up the family
Well now Jeffrey, how did you come to get so involved?	I can't tell you the whole story. I. I took it upon myself. I can't say more
You're good, princess. I'll give you that.	Danny, it's not what you think
Last I heard he went to San Diego.	If we went there, would you be able to find him
Because...	... You needn't worry about being attractive here
Yeah?  So?	Now look at him..
B:  Ryan is dead.  He's been blown up by the German equivalent of Wade, whose name I know you don't want me to mention.  There's nothing to find. The biggest piece is the size of a pea.  We wander around, looking for him until the Germans pick us off, one after another.	I don't like that one
You haven't heard me yet.	You intend to crack my eardrums with your voice?  Will I bleed from my every orifice?  Who will clean up this awful mess
Why we sittin' here, mama?	Thinkin' a second, baby
This is it.  This is what he, or it... is after!  The plant has high concentrations of the same hormones found in minute quantities in the human brain!	So what
Wrong preposition...	Hear you roar ..
Same kind of crap--	--all non-denial denials--we're dirty guys and they doubt we were ever virgins but they don't say the story is inaccurate
I go with you --	That what you want
You promise you'll write.	Every day
If you don't mind, mam, I'd rather work for you.	Well, we're all working tonight
What do you do, just have someone follow him around with a defribilator?	That's good, Frank. No, but they might surgically implant one, about the size of my thumb. It goes near the shoulder here, with two electrodes connected to the heart. It sends a shock whenever it senses a drop in blood flow. Amazing, isn't it
Not mouse, never mouse! If anything - rat!	You have a genius for making barroom brawl out of a perfectly innocent misunderstanding at most
He was different.	How different
It's your mistake.	The big job
Sure. No problem.	Could we try it now
"Like I'd marry you! You would be the meanest wife of all time. And anyway, I know you weren't bored that day because there was a lot of stuff on TV. The Blair Witch Project was on Starz, and you were like, ""Oh, I want to watch this, but we should make out instead. La la la."""	Forget it, Bleek. Take Katrina the Douche Packer to the prom. I'm sure you guys will have a really bitchin' time
Don't I get any say in this?	No! Because I -
I heard something like that	Then it's going to be 'I killed for sex'... Listen darling, why won't you let us use your real name for the features - if people knew that it was the ELLEN CARTER writing the features and not just some pseudonym - then we might shift more units. You haven't written anything in four years darling - I know you need this job - and if circulation keeps dropping, there's not going to be a magazine for you to write for..
I can't go to work with my hair dyed pink.  And I can afford to go shopping more now, and I've met a couple people I like over the last year or so.	You're tougher
They monitor reading habits.  Not every book, but certain ones are flagged.  Books about... let's say, how to build a nuclear bomb, or maybe Mein Kampf.  Whoever takes out a flagged book has their library records fed to the F.B.I. from then on.	You got to be kidding
He's here giving some arcane spiel for the physics department, so Bob Shine introduces us...	Wow
Anyone else want one? Rolfe?	No thanks. I don't drink
Can you tell me whose...	Fellow called Lime
About Susan?	I wouldn't put it that way
How'd it go?	Not as bad as I thought it would. I think I passed
Ow! Hey! Get the heck in there!  Hey... Not dead! Definitely not dead!	Guess not
You're so sweet.	"If you've got time before you go ""out,"" get me a half-a-cup of coffee, Rose. Not a whole cup, a half-a-cup"
Alex...	You didn't hear me
I went to college in Boston so I could be near the Red Sox. I took summer classes and the cut them to go to the game. My wife is from Boston. Lillian Ziegler?	The Red Sox were my world. I surrendered my existence to a team that couldn't win the big one
It's extension 215 if you want to try me back.	Ok. Thank you
"Get close enough to a man and you can kill him on ""Stun"" without setting off the alarm - of course you can't get rid of the body..."	First rule of assassination: always kill the assassins
And she got the medium.	Even on sale that stuff's a fortune. I worked all week to pay for a bra
Hey, you wouldn't believe this. Two minutes ago, the Knicks are ahead fourteen points, and now...  they're ahead two points.	Alvy, what is so fascinating about a group of pituitary cases trying to stuff the ball through a hoop
Jackie, if I thought for one moment...	You listen carefully because I am only going to say this once.  That woman has nothing more to do with my children
Oh -- that's very nice of you to tell me.	No. What I mean is -- that's why I've been acting this way. I'm not like this. I hate myself like this
-- yeah.	-- look, you don't have to entertain me..
C'mon, Michael.  I want to go.	No.  Stick around
Home.	You couldn't wait until morning
I do bite my thumb, sir!	Do you bite your thumb at us? Sir
Guy says he made the trade in Gillette, Wyoming sometime in the fall of oh-nine.	Then what
Perhaps it was the smoke.	Not her brand
No, I didn't. I didn't kill anyone, Sheriff.	We're gonna have to keep you, Billy. The governor's got SBI, FBI, and god knows who else on their way down here
It would have to be some totally average day when nobody was expecting it, and I'd just disappear and they'd never see me again.	Sounds like a healthy way to deal with your problems
Just listen to this—  Adorable Babykins— Does her miss her Baby? Him sends his booful li'l sweetums a billion oceans full of kisses. Bobo is so lonely—!	Just a moment. I don't see how that trash could possibly concern me
You know, there is one thing I can't figure out. All along they've been bugging me about those files and when I told them I'd burned all that stuff, they went nuts - they told the Consul guy they were medical records?	So
That wasn't part of the deal.  I want to be poisonous but fair.	Look... I... I'm sorry.  I don't want to be any part of this
She's going to leave you -	I don't think so, Brad.  We've just had word that the President is out of danger.  It seems I didn't kill him after all
Can I join in?	You might be let down. I'm not a hermaphrodite
So quiet. You get used to the sounds of the ship, then....	You know who Muhammad was
When?	As the trucks go
No. No, I'm staying here for a few days, in Rome. That's a new piano, so you prob --	Did this place come furnished? It doesn't look like Dickie. Horrible isn't it? -- so bourgeois
Did I hurt you?	Nothing I didn't deserve
Soon as I finish the job.	When might that be
She what?	She's a friend of Jill's
Oh, my god.	Sanford's brother dates her cousin. He found out this morning
Nothing.	She's really getting to you, isn't she
"My father used to have a saying, Jud-- ""God sees the truth, but waits."""	Ayuh...how is your cat, Louis
You could have a pool to cool off in.	It's a nice pool, isn't it
I've been looking for you, Neo.  I don't know if you're ready to see what I want to show you, but unfortunately, we have run out of time.  They're coming for you, Neo. And I'm not sure what they're going to do.	Who's coming for me
For your eyes. For most patients of your age, I generally administer Retlax Five to restore flexibility of the lens.	But I'm allergic to Retlax
Maybe I'll just head over to McP's with the others, have a drink or four.  Don't wanna come, do you?	I can't go out.  Not like this
Hey, okay.  Look Buddy -- I've got to go to work.	...good-bye then
No, no, you did fine.  I'd even say well done.  Besides, most of the ones you killed probably deserved it, don't you think?	No, I do not think so.  I don't think that killing each other will ever bring peace
What?	Nothing
I think you're right. So come on, I came all the way over here to find out what got Ann so spooked, tell me what happened.	Spooked
I was diagnosed with AIDS eight months ago. During a bout of pneumonia. I recovered quickly and was back at work in ten days. Since I was doing so well on the AZT, we decided against telling anyone about it.	We
Oh.	He's got like six gold records
Eight o'clock?	"I was just going to say ""eight.""  You're fantastic"
Doesn't it scare you walk through the park at night?	No.  I don't scare easy
Do you want me to stop calling?	Look, I'll call you, okay
Don't look like he missed the sunlight.	Pinscher told me Alamo thinks I'm the one ratted on him beating up Cree. Since I was there, I saw it, he thinks I got him sent to solitary
Wear this.	You're a real buddy
If we come outta this joint with Ganz' phone number, or a dead Indian, or anything else useful, then you could turn the other way for half an hour while I get laid...	Why?  Anybody that talks about women as much as you do probably can't get it up anyway
Well... yah.	Know who this is
In the house?	No.  We keep it in the backyard.  Of course, in the house.  It's in there
Does she suffer?	I don't know.  I prefer to think of her as a sleepwalker who can never be awakened -- feeling nothing, knowing nothing
I aim to.	Well--tell the folks inside how it is, Tom. Tell 'em they're starvin' us and stabbin' theirself in the back. An' as sure as God made little apples it's goin' back to two an' a half jus' as soon as they clear us out
I'm almost done.	Finish it up without the lip
Do you have an appointment?	Ye
So you're only invisible... to yourself?	No
I been in a lot of bars where a white cop rousted me and some of the brothers. All those clowns ever had going for 'em was a gun and a badge...	You need five years training to handle a joint like..
Tomorrow you come for some bird, right?	Absolutely..
"Yeah, it was great. Really put the whole idea of ""church bake sales"" in perspective..."	You know, Elden, some people actually read more than just the Classifieds..
I wouldn't know.	Surely -
I can't breathe...  Am I... clear?	You're clear.  You see the airlock
Yeah, I do!	You have no idea what this is doing to your body
We ain't ate nothin' since yestidday.	What happened to your money
You okay, man? You okay?	I didn't want to eat this much, man
I sure hope you don't.  I gotta get outta here, good night.	Good night, Rose
Left...The one with the red dot.	Well...
What are you doing in Baker? Didn't you get my telegram?	What? Fuck telegrams. I'm in trouble. You worthless bastard. I'll cripple your ass for this! All that shit in the car is yours! You understand that? When I finish testifying out here you'll be disbarred
No, what?	That's not Carson Dyle
This way Lex.	It' s fantastic! ----- This place is genius
He makes films for Mr. Eddy.	Pornos
Somehow during the tour, she came into possession of a prototype transmitting device. We don't know how.	Utopia became depressed after her mother's suicide, began to withdraw into her virtual reality simulator. She'd punch up her own little world in cyberspace and stay in it for days at a time.  Somebody else was in there with her
Yeah, maybe I will too.	I thought we talked about that
I gotta get to the library before it closes.  Killer physics test.	I know.  I hardly have any time to study
Yeah, hi, I have a one o'clock with Dr. Mierzwiak. Clementine Kruczynski.	Yes, please have a seat. He'll be right with you
All I ever wanted was to live a Normal life.	When will you wake up?  You Wouldn't know a normal life if it Bit you in the ass
I would just want to clear some things up:	"Thank you, Muffy.  Funny thing is: This is an important element of, ""Seduce and Destory:"" ""Facing the past is an important way in not making progress,"" that's something I tell my men over and over -"
Never done better. On the fiddle. Like everyone else.	Except the servicemen
I've heard this argument before.  It's not happening.	It could take years for me to get past the barriers he's created
Steve, I feel exhausted...what do you want me to do?	Not what you're doing now.  At least don't ask me - don't ask him. You're fighting for your life! What do YOU want to do
I don't care about that girl, I don't care if she's dead.	Calm down, baby
Odd, then, that his car...	...should be right outside
Yeah, I didn't know what else to do.	Hey, I got an idea
I.don't get it.  You're going to help me?	No. I'm going to give you dancing lessons.  What the fuck do you think
I uh, I didn't finish, I... fell asleep.	That good, huh
It's just that I have some peculiarities, and...	I like you, too, Nathan
Well, it's a game of anticipation, that's the beauty.	I just don't like it
Come on in.	I've got to see you alone
Ever since Christmas, you've been different.  Kind of distracted, distant.  But I feel like you're coming back from wherever you were.	I am.  I was just... I just got... I think I got nervous.  It's normal, right? Don't you ever feel nervous about, you know
Earth... But when?... Spock?	Judging by the pollution content of the atmosphere, I believe we have arrived at the late 20th Century
I'm going to assume that means that the Secret Service is out of commission.  Jean, can you raise me up there?	It's too far
I cannot--	--Take Excalibur. Find a pool of calm water and throw the sword into it
Thief, I think, is more accurate.	I understand you were in Africa. Whereabouts
You know how the airlines are.	Bags
They'd call you anything if you gave them half a chance. They've got you down as a sap.	I think I'll go down and punch this editor on the nose
<u>Something's</u> in that water.	Well until we see it, we're not gonna be convincing too many people
When I wasn't so miserable I used to sell pigs. Begging your pardon, I was more honest than my holy Mother.	So you didn't come from the poorhouse
Come on, John. You should be happy, we've gone this far without Ann finding out, I'm making it real easy on you. Just walk out of here and I'll see you at your house for a family dinner sometime.	Did he put you up to this
Thanks, but not for me.	You can't drink with a friend you haven't seen in months
Well, bully for that nigga. You say she wants to give me the money, huh?	Uh-huh
Jud Crandall. I live just across the road.	I'm Rachel. Thanks again for saving the wandering minstrel boy, here
None either.  It's bizarre.  It's next to impossible to get Russian sweethearts out.  Nor does Lee have any problem getting a new passport when he wants to go to Cuba and Russia in '63.  A man who has defected once already.  It's crazy.	Dammit, it doesn't add up!  Ordinary people get blacklisted for leftist affiliations!  The State Department did everything short of dispatching a destroyer to Minks to insure Oswald's return.  Only intelligence people can come and go like that
Damon Bradley...	Right.  Thanks a lot.  And congratulations.  It's not easy finding love these days
Yes, it's great!	No, Kelly, I don't want to..
So you don't have to play innocent with me. He used to tell his wife that I was the branch manager from Seattle -- four years ago when we were having a little ring-a-ding- ding.	I don't know what you're talking about
Are you tryin' to do some of that Polack humor?  Well if that's so, you can just get the hell out of this restaurant!	It's my name
Yeah, that's my truck.	Mason, you have to take this..
Frank.	Come on up
Man live by his rep.	That's a fact. What you do, boy
Yes.	Then you wish to handle this matter through your attorneys
That'd be fine.  So, Claudia, lemme just say, so I can get my role of LAPD officer out of the way before we enjoy our coffee  I'm not gonna write you up or anything, I'm not gonna give you a citation here -- but the real problem we have is that there are people around here, people that work from their homes, people tryin' to get some work done, and if you're listenin' to your music that loud:  They're incovenienced by that.  If you had a job you'd probably understand, but I see you like listenin' to your music and that's fine, you're just gonna wanna keep it down at a certain volume, maybe memorize what number you see on the dial and just always put it to that -- If it's the middle of the day -- that's what I do -- just put it on two and a half and that's a good listening level, alright? I see you like listenin' to your music loud, but, hey, forget about the neighbors, you end up damaging your own ears ok?	Yeah
And what were you doing out at the missile silo?	I'm an old friend of Cochrane's... I wanted to see how he was doing
Gentle stuff like talking, sharing thoughts and ideas, secrets and past experiences. Stuff like that, you know.	It sounds gay, but guess since you're a girl it's okay, huh
Don't worry about it.  If it's off your collar and out of your eyes, that's all I'm going to ask.	Really, I have no problem with -
Quite a collection.	If nature gives a man a collector's mind, it doesn't matter what he collects. Butterflies. Old China. Penny farthings. A true collector grows more obsessive as the years pass
You're just a <u>stepmother</u>.  So stop <u>bossing</u>, cos nobody's <u>listening</u>!	June 3rd, God willing, I'll marry your Dad.  And then I <u>will</u> be your stepmom. And right now, I'm not looking forward to th..
Hey, bomb...	And I saw that I was alone
Do I know you?	I don't think so
I don't know what to say to Allah.	Have you ever bent your knees, Malcolm
What?	"What do you mean, ""you"""
If you were truly a copycat, wouldn't you want to emulate everything about the killer that you could?	Meaning
Yes.	I gave up my soul, my beliefs. I gave up my body hair
I'm not enough for a paragraph.	- perhaps more than one. There's so much I want to know. I've heard your story in bits and pieces... your home in Wisconsin, your tragic marriage, your financial attachment to Margo - it started in San Francisco, didn't it?  I say - your idolatry of Margo started in San Francisco, didn't it
Time?	"Time-Warner has a 40 per cent stake in Gary's set-top device. That also takes out CNN.  ""GE joins Outpost in new venture,"" which means NBC is out. ""Disney joins Outpost,"" ABC is out. ""Outpost and Newscorp in new deal,"" Fox is out. Any of these places could have a mole. Or all of 'em.  It's like a a continuous loop. We can go to some alternative press place that 1,000 people read, get them and us killed. But anything big enough for this is a parent of or a subsidiary to something Gary's got a finger in"
"The exercise was one of his Section Eight ""private sessions"". Left around 2100 yesterday and were scheduled for pick up at 0630 this morning."	And the problem is you only got three
Look.  Can I pay you properly?  You don't have to tell him what you got. Send him forty-five bucks and blow the rest.  Give it to charity.  Or something.	That wasn't part of the deal.  I want to be poisonous but fair
No.	Ah, go on, you swine
They tortured my husband.  Made him give them the pin numbers of our accounts.  Once they get what's in the safe deposit box they'll kill us.	Where'd they take you to
You were taken for a buggy ride?	Yeah—with all the trimmings. Now, how about the check. Do I get it
Yeah.	Everything go
Ain't been too good...No sir, not too good...Gettin' old, Ethan...	You were born old..
Going out on the 'Aurora.'	Is that a boat
When?	Tomorrow
Vain. Proud. Such a person is Hochmutsnarr. He is not plain.	Anything against zippers
By the way: what kind of name is Poon?	Comanche Indian
Hey, wait a minute!  That's all our food supplies in there!  We can't pump poison gas all over them!	Once we kill the thing we won't need the food any more -- we can go straight into hypersleep.  Also, it sounds like that thing is already doing a pretty good job on our supplies; it may be fouling them all
So who gave the order to bring me to this side of the river??	Hey, my friend!  I'm glad to see your ugly damn face again
Oh.	I'd hold the birds for him, but I'm going away myself. Someone's got to feed them, I suppose
I know you're trying to help me, but you don't understand.	<u>Then explain it to me</u>. I got enough darkness, don't I
Your line of work.  You must meet a lot of men play fast and loose with the truth.	Like you couldn't believe
They still around, your folks?	My mother's dead. My daddy's s'posed to be around still. He don't want to have nothin' to do with me though
It's all right, sweetheart. Julia's told me everything; and it's all right...	No. You don't understand. Your brother -- Frank -- he's here in the house. And he's -
In 1957, we had an employee here, name of Fowler. He was very popular, too. Turned out he was running a bookie joint right in the Actuarial Department tying up the switchboard, figuring the odds on our I.B.M. machines -- so the day before the Kentucky Derby, I called in the Vice Squad and we raided the thirteenth floor.	The Vice Squad
Still alive.  Hmm.  I suppose that doesn't bode well for poor Bruno.	He had a pressing engagement
The truth is that I heard between four and six shots.  I'm not going to lie for you.	...you heard echoes
I believe in that system...	Do you?  Really
Now wait...	With all she was doin'. With all the shit she kept doing! You stayed stuck to that bitch's ass and you wouldn't let go
Where's Mary?	Oh, well, I can't . . 
You want me to come out there and play private eye?	Consider it.  Meanwhile, dig up whatever Dino Velvet films you can. Get receipts.  I'll call back
Actually, sir--	Cowan.  Do you ever think that maybe, just maybe, other people might be right and you might be wrong
Don't you like that?	No, no, I love, it's just, thinking you're, you must be so sick of it... Well
Objection!  May I remind Mr. Dulaney that the person on trial here is Miss Lawson -- not Dr. Paley.	Your Honor, I'm trying to establish a pattern in Dr. Paley's behavior with women
Forget him. It's not important. I was trying to make a point.	This whole thing was a shakedown
I thought you didn't do adolescent secrets.	I never have before
So, <u>never</u> let Beetle Juice out. Never.  Besides...  We're thinking about letting everyone stay... You and your father and mother can stay too.	Step... mother
You all sure are buying a lot of holy water for two people.	Yeah, well we like to get fucked up and do fucked up shit, you know what I mean
Hippy, you pussy.	What good's the money if your dick drops off in six months
What?  I'm not going anywhere!	Oh yes you are
I'm not going to leave you alone.	They're really nice people, Ryan. They're like us..
Call me as soon as you're settled.	I love you
Captain Rob came back?	Yeah, he does sound like a rat fink
One night on the town.	I mean..
Barnes?	That's me
...You bring a check?	Cash
I know... My girlfriends all dumped me after I put on the mask. They thought I'd lost it.	But in fact... you'd found it
Did I act stupidly last night? Should I apologize?	I'm the one who should apologize. I should have talked to you before
I'm sorry, Jeff. You know I could never hold my liquor --	But I thought you could hold your tongue
No, I do -- it was the stamps on that letter Charles had with him on the train. They were in plain sight all the time, but no one ever bothered looking at the envelope.	The envelope -- imagine that.  Mrs. Lampert, listen to me -- you're not safe as long as you've got these stamps. Go to the Embassy right away -- wait, I'd better meet you halfway -- it's quicker. Now, let's see -- do you know the center garden at the Palais Royal? -- yes, by the colonnade -- as soon as you can get there. Hurry, Mrs. Lampert
It's coming.	It certainly is
Because I really suspect Gideon -- and it is always the person you don't suspect.	Do women think it's feminine to be so illogical -- or can't they help it
Speak with my lawyer.	So you refuse to answer my questions
Heather, what is it?	Dunno.  Just have this feeling today..
HE'S STILL ALIVE, EDNA!	PROVE IT
Who told you?	I'm right
Oh, I suppose so.	Could I have a puff
Yeah, well, I lost my pen. By the time I got a new one, I was clean out of paper.	It was over with Bill before you ever came home. Maybe you don't remember it now, but you were pretty hot to see me back then
Under love's heavy burden do I sink.	Too great oppression for a tender thing
This Clear Moon's house?	Yeah. It's time to beat the drum. You better wait here. He don't trust the white man
She could have hidden a machine gun in here if she had wanted to.	Didn't she have any physical examinations in this time
David Kessler, this is Gerald Bringsly.	Hello
Panther...	Panther!  Same thing..
It goes fast, all right- and if your mother finds out just how fast, Marty, I will have a new job. Singing soprano with the Vienna Boys' Choir.	I don't get you
Blood sample? How close did you get to that thing?	I got pretty close
Mom and Dad?  That's...crazy.  They never said...	"Oh sure.  That's just the sorta thing parents tell their kids:  ""Goodnight honey.  Don't forget ot say your prayers. Oh, by the way, your father and I torched some maniac last night."
Have your children been deaf since birth?	Yes -- yes, they have. It was a real shock at first, especially since my daddy's a preacher, but Delbert and I have been blessed by their being here
Well, I dunno.  I mean, when you looked at all the other options... it just seemed sorta obvious.	Obvious?  Why don't you and I have a little talk about the obvious... outside
Finland.	You know, Finlandia vodka?  Yes
It is.  Yes -- that's where they had Rorish, for God's sake, before they made him anchor.  I can't stand it -- they're grooming you for it all and you don't even know it.	Hold it down, okay
No, but it's getting there.	Vivian, how much to put up with me for the entire night
Natural to the line of work they was in.	Yessir
Yo ho ho!	It's three
Sorry. wouldn't it be easier just to work for Central Services?	Couldn't stand the pa - ah - we're getting warm 
Your guess is as good as mine --	I'll beat you both apart. I'll take you both together
We should go! We should go right now!	He's right, let's move. Be quiet and get to the exit. Pair up, grab the weapons
Wasn't that close?	Too close
You were just a poor, innocent victim of circumstance, huh?	I'm neither poor nor innocent, but the truth of that particular..
See my hips?	Yep
Tha's it.  I've decided.  I'm changing my major to finance.  And going to Wall Street.	Why
They're dead now.  We can get help.	I know how they reward failure. If they saw this I'd be rotting in the quarries by the afternoon -- with all the others
But if we have not caught Wallace --	He is gone! Finished! Dead! If he has not yet bled to death or had his throat cut for him, he will not survive the winter. It is very cold -- is it not, our flower
Look what they did to my hand, man!	All right, I'm gonna give you a choice. You can either have the money and the hammer or you can walk out of here. You can't have both. What do you want
Look at these. What are these?	Come on, Frank. Let's go. Please
You weren't thinking...you were dreaming !	If we're gonna be a team, why not be a real team 
Your mother used to lay for her boss, boy. Did you know that?	Shut up, Will
Sixty seconds, then I'm out of here.	Absolutely, you have every right.  I need you to do me a favor
Response?	Nothing. As before
No.	Not good enough
Well, southern boy, I suppose you want the sack that's convenient to the door.	And gets the wind every time it opens. No, thanks. I'll take that one
That's my real name!  Currently I'm a singer.  Sort of.	Very well
I know that.	Well, suit yourself, then...its your decision...  Ha ha...a little joke...suit yourself..
How much longer you figure he'll keep us out here?	Could be all night.  Guy gets his rocks off like this. Hangs out in queer S & M joints downtown.  Likes prettyboys like you
"The blast?  Honey, I have survived a host of things. Like the song says: ""A country boy can survive!"""	Yes, yes, the song.  So tell me...has it been...hell up here
I get to the restaurant and he's not there. I waited for forty- five minutes.  When I called his office, his secretary said they thought I had cancelled.  I had cancelled!  Then I get back to my office and <u>Aranson</u> is waiting for me and he knows <u>everything</u>.	Oh, honey
The people want you made Dalai Lama.	Then, I am lucky. I am still too young
Electro-Shock Therapy, my friend. Five cents' worth of electricity and you are out of everybody's hair.	Tell 'er to go to hell anyway
...I wouldn't lie to you, Adele. . . I saw him kill that man.	Early didn't kill nobody, he wouldn't do that. I don't know why you're saying those things. You ain't my friend
Because he's gone for the head shot seven out of eight times'	You got it
Any I.D.?	Still unknown but we're running prints. Kid over there caught the case
"Hello.  I am  Meryhew Saks.  The song is called ""Murder By Numbers.""  The performers are a group called The Police.  Adam here... ... from Behavioral Science is working out exactly what this perpetrator is trying to telegraph in the note.  This is an extremely complex case, and we have a lot of fancy theories floating around. We're not ruling out the possib- ility of three Copycat serial killers.  We have Quantico working on graphology, the Washington lap is cloning DNA from the secretor. It's our feeling that the best lead we have is the two sperm samples in one of the victims.  We have a team sweeping sperm banks.  Now I want to say a few word to you local people.  Your Commissioner asked for our assistance.  The Bureau does not send us in on these cases to lord it over the local police. We couldn't catch up on what you people know if we had a year.  We have nation-wide resources and hard state of the art forensic science; you have the local savvy.  Together we can be unbeatable.  Which one is Inspector Halloran?"	Over here
I... I just want you to be happy, Mary.	But I think I'd be happiest... with you
Try and keep up... You ask for the Advantage Goods, then you guys come in looking to be Bean Traps. So I gotta think you're either working the mace or playing the Jug Mob.	A little bit of both
Whichever you prefer.	I'd rather sit. Are you ready
Mom?	Yes, Mikey
You have your father's style.  You've done very well.	Not bad
...I just don't know what... to do–	You gotta get a grip on, brother. You gotta just carry on – just for a few days, till I get back. Try and stay here, keep your door locked. Don't talk to anyone. We just gotta keep our heads and we'll figure it out
Well, don't we look better this morning? That was a hard night, wasn't it?	Where am I
Oh, yes. We do a tour of duty and we're finished. But you guys are never finished, are you?	We don't look on it like that
They're playing our song.  Dare I ask for this dance?	You better
Why doesn't he let you do what you want?	Yeah!  Tell him off!  It couldn't get any worse
Know what I think?	What
He likes it.	Of course he does.  What about you? Have you just never had one with Kevin -- or have you never had one, period
He just lost his best client.  He called from the plane.  I invited the guy over.	"Dotty -- this is not ""guy."". This is a ""syndrome.""  It's called Early Midlife, About-To-Marry, Hanging Onto The-Bottom-Rung Dear- God-Don't-Let-Me-Be-Alone, I'll- Call-My-Newly Long-suffering- Assistant-Without Medical-For- Company Syndrome.  And if, knowing all that, you still allow him to come over, more power to you"
If he does come in I'm not here... What were you drinking, Debra?	Remy
You're a wonderful boy. You'n me gonna have fun, dammit, it don't have to be joyless. Say, why don't we get right down on our knees now?	Get down -- where
What's the matter?	Nothing..
Would you give that script a rest? It's like a friggen umbilical cord to you.	I'm just saying, though. What if there's someone out there stalking actors? Huh? Then what
I don't think we'll go to war.  We shouldn't even be here.  This isn't our fight, it's a regional conflict.  It should be decided regionally.	People are suffering
The stone age.	The post-Vegas Man
Yeah.	So I guess it's safe to say you know about firepower
Yes.	What did he look like
Salt sticks to the bottom of his feet.	Yeah
Nicholas, this is fake.  It's all part of the game...	Fuck you
Sir? Right now?	Sure right now! You're darned tootin'
S'Okay, Maude.  You know your lines...?	...I'm sure that people are upset..
Are you sure it isn't time for a colorful metaphor?	You're not one of those guys from the military, are you? Trying to teach whales to retrieve torpedoes, or some dipshit stuff like that
I'm special.	Yes. I'll give you that
This isn't just a story!!  It's history made allegory.  It is a philosophical handbook for life!  It holds the secret of this very voyage.	What is it... the secret
I doubt very much that the FBI or any other government agency can keep a secret, Mr. Crawford. Truth will out... And then what? Will you give Johns Hopkins a new identity? Put a big pair of sunglasses on this building, and a funny nose?	Oh, that's clever, Dr. Danielson. Very humorous. You like the truth? Try this.  He kidnaps young women and kills them and rips their skin off. We don't want him to do that anymore. If you don't help me, just as fast as you can, then the Justice Department is going to ask publicly for a court order, We'll ask twice a day, just in time for the morning and evening news. And each one of our press conferences will focus on Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins, and how we're still hoping for his cooperation. And every time there's any news on the case - when Catherine Martin floats, when the next one floats, and the next one - why, we'll just issue another press release about good ol' Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins - complete with all his humorous fucking remarks
And I suppose there's some reason why you haven't recalled them?	Yes, sir.  The base commander, General Ripper, selected Plan-R
You saying Freddy's this ancient thing?	Current version.  For ten years he's been imprisoned as Freddy by the story of Nightmare on Elm Street.  But now that the films have stopped-  The genie's out of the bottle, Heather, that's what the nightmares are about. That's what I'm writing
Grandpa, if you think of something hard enough, can you make it happen?	Apparently so
The World Council of Ministers meets tomorrow to convene the new global defense initiative --	I fail to see -
Yes.	Who
What?	Someone crying.  A girl.  I thought I was crazy
Sorry 'bout that.	What'd you just say
I like my name.	This is Danny and Ralph, they own the Dino Raphael salon in Detroit.  We used to be married
I plan to have a stroke from the amount of MSG that's in this food.	This is our first meal in this house, Lydia.  Why don't we all do our little private parts to make it a pleasant one
It's so terrible I can't tell you. Oh, Buddy, you don't know how it hurts to have a broken heart, what a terrible feeling it is, and I've had a broken heart so many times. Men, I don't understand them, I can't figure them out and they break my heart, that's all. I can't find Mr. Right, Buddy, I can't find him no matter how hard I look, all I find is a whole pile of Mr. Wrongs. But this is the worst ever because it wasn't his fault. It was my fault, oh yes, my fault, I was bad -- oh God, I was bad, you wouldn't believe how bad I was.	What'd you do, Rose
I'm just being realistic.	At least you're not like every other stupid guy in the world - all they care about are guitars and sports... they're all such fags
What a waste of time.  My writings mean absolutely nothing.	But your writings have changed the world, Mr. Chairman
C'mon, I might buy a company some day.	Assets are anything of value a company owns.  Sometimes the pieces are worth more than the whole.  By selling them off, I make a profit
How did the fire fight end?	I got him.  I got the son-of-a-bitch. See, I was doing really good up till then. Lots of street busts.  I've always had this weird luck... everything always went my way, but this was wild.  I got him with one shot... right between the eyes.  Next thing I know, the mayor's pinning a medal on me.  Picture in the paper, whole nine yards
I have to go.	Wait
Let me in.	Hey, I'm trying, but this window is burnt -
Who's my pal...?  And what are you, Ricky, huh, what are you, Bishop Sheean?  Who the fuck are you, Mr. Slick...?  What are you, friend to the workingman?  Big deal.  Fuck you, you got the memory a fuckin' fly.  I never liked you.	What is this, your farewell speech
I was just wondering... Nick... You're going hunting... If I could use this place to stay, because...	Sure. Are you kidding? Sure
You expecting someone?	No
Ca-na-da...	Shhh, Chief, don't talk. Never talk! Remember, this is just between you an' me. Do ya understand
You're serious!	You're really pure, you know?  You got a perfect record.  You never used that stuff to ruin your body, why start now
Oh, you know what we do or do not need to know? Since when have you become a media expert?	What do you want to do, Lowell, look up my ass, too...
Yeah... thanks.	Want to say goodbye to the Colonel
Like it or not.	Like it.  Almost there
How' he doing?	Just fell asleep. He's gonna be just fine. Join me in a little celebration
Had it with deals.	But I just wanted to say -
I gotta friend over there.  He was telling me things are kind of slow. So, I figured I'd give him a call, have him come down here and look through your records.  You know, give him something to do.	What's the first street
That's the sky that's going to be over our roof every night, when we're done.	Ah, but consider this, if we don't finish the roof, we can looks at that sky all the time
Make a bridge out of her.	Ah ... but can you not also make bridges out of stone
Sull!  What the hell!	I talked to him Gordo.  I talked to my Dad
I like 'em, but you don't play anything else.	I don't like anything else
It was weird...	Whatiya mean, Sheila
I don't know why I said it. I'm sorry.	She's alive
Mind if I use the bathroom?	Of course
You named the kid after yourself, huh?	That boy's one in a million. A real tiger
Which makes this the worst possible time to show that we're only human.	Uh-huh..
That was a accident. I bet both our asses Bobby Peru done murdered all kinds of people, and meant it, too.	That was in Vietnam
Anybody talk to the press?	No, sir
And you say you never signed this contract with Mr. Allen?	I did not-
The war's over - you told me yourself. How can it be desertion?	It's not over everywhere.  I didn't mean literally
Hey!  Have you ever seen a mermaid?	No
Did you have a nice time?	Nice?  It was suicidally beautiful
Because it ain't natural, young man.	What are you talking about? Killing's totally natural. It's dying that isn't natural..
It's great and everything, but what am I going to do with all this?	Sell it
Mac, did you ever find out who Molly went off with?	A Polish pilot. It's like one of those jokes on the wireless
Winning is easy. Losing is complicated. It's a lifetime's work.	It may be work but it's not honest work. Faith is the real work
You can change it if you want to.	I don't know why we have to watch T.V
I gave him the breakdown just like ya told me to.	And
"That's good, but Heather would never use the word ""myriad."""	This is the last thing she'll ever write. She'll want to cash in on as many fifty-cent words as poss
Oh, great.	You do
It is whispered in the forest that...  ...Leondegrance's castle is under siege by Lot and Uryens.	Yes, yes, I know that. Everybody does. Lord Leondegrance is my only ally among the barons and the great knights. I can't lose him
All right.  Put it on heavy.	My old boyfriend Tommy would never have gotten me in a mess like this.  At least <i>he's</i> got brains
I hope you get everything you want out of life --	Thanks
The story behind the story, the ugly scandal behind the falling millionaire, the dirt, you mean.	That too
No, you didn't say that, Brother.	Yes, I did, mother. Your hearing aid isn't working right. I said ahhh-dam stuff
What did the king say?	He said that... he's making a treaty with the Duke of Burgundy and..
-- if they want someone to blame, they can blame me. Agent Scully doesn't deserve this.	She's in there right now saying the same thing about you
's all right, kid. I took care of 'em myself this morning.	Boy, you must've been up early
Ich said you left.	There was a change in plans
Why didn't Birdson just say so?	If you're possessed, you can't reveal anything Satan wants hidden.  Unless you trick him
Fourteen and he’s hoodwinked by a an erector set?	I didn’t say he was worth it
Could you see anything?	Well, she was trying to keep her skirt down, sort of, you know. But it was pretty obvious what she was doing. I mean, Christ, it was rush hour and the traffic's practically standing still
Where did you send the message to Peter Kurten?	Damn!  I gave that to Conrad, too! That guy!  I told Conrad deliver to Kurten and keep the 500 bucks in return for getting my book to you
When you first came here, I only loved the writer part of Paul Sheldon. But now I know I love the rest of him too. As much as Misery loves Ian.  I know you don't love me--don't say you do--you're a beautiful, brilliant, famous man of the world; and I'm...not a movie star type. You'll never know the fear of losing someone like you if you're someone like me.	Why would you lose me
She got those shoes...	Those shoes were twenty five dollars.  C’mon, take it off.  We’ll go to the food court and get one of those funnel cakes you like
Much better, thank you, sir.	Feel like talking to us. Answering a few questions
Yeah. 'Cause, you know,  He's never gonna give me my jewelry.	Hm
Dorothy.... listen to me. I love you.  Don't you understand that? I love you.	Go away
Praying.	The voice was in your cell
He was just here!	He was here.  You fell asleep.  We took him.  You looked so exhausted, frankly, we didn't wake you.  Besides, the young woman, Julie, is with him.  Believe me, everything is fine
You bitch!  You were in on it froom the start!	Shut up!  The both of you.  Ain't neither one of you too smart. Especially you, boy.  Don't you think I had my eye on you since first you rolled into town?  You smell like trouble.  Stink of it like a ripe cesspool
Two people.	Were they bad people
You can't just propose to me out of nowhere. You think that's going to solve our problems? I'm sorry, X. It was a kick for a while, but it's over. You're just not going anywhere.	"You're not exactly ""going anywhere"" yourself"
So!  Speak!	Great power... to control... dominate... destroy. If it works
Sounds big.  What's he do?	Process server. Ma said it's like a lawyer only the hours are more regular.  All I know's he came to take the TV one afternoon and ended up staying for dinner.  And breakfast
There are no objections to my staying here with her, are there?	Not at all.  I'd like the nurse to be here, too
Laz, I know about that girl.  Good number of this town's sinners got my ear, you know.  Oh, Laz. She's had a mess of crabs and them STD's. What'chu thinking?	I haven't laid a hand. On my life, R.L., my wick is dry on this
I don't see why you have to belittle me in front of people like that.	Hey, relax guy. It's just a cruel joke. Rich, chocolatey Snacky Smores are only available up on Earth. He'll never get 'em, see
What kind of a question is that?	A direct one
I didn't realize you had such an incredible ability to feel sorry for yourself, Dignan.	Well, the world is a little bit colder today
Well, Betty and Twinky, it sure is nice talking to you girls. I just wish I had more time...	That's a wig you wear, isn't it
Where do you think babies come from?	From their mothers and fathers of course. Before that, I... I don't know
Opening night?	I know -- why should a bitter divorce interfere with tradition
I don't have a drug problem.	Neither does Joe
Stop it, Homer. They aren't our rules. We didn't write them. I don't see no reason to read them.	Okay..
Are these your bags?	Yes, just the two
Hand me a towel.  I'm getting out.	I'm coming in
What time is it?	'Bout twelve
No, she never did.	Are you going to get remarried
I'm busy, man.	If I have to touch her again, I'll throw up
I liked it better when there were just the two of us.	Why?  Is he staying
They're watching you, Neo.	Who is
Hey, come on, you can't believe that voodoo.  Sharks don't commit murder. They don't pick out a person....	It picked Sean...It killed your father...
Auto-shop's sealed, but those boys are cut-off.	Has anybody talked to them
That tycoon who owns all those sleazy tabloids?	Au contraire, mon ami! He owns all those sleazy tabloids and the Daily Planet
Mary Anne Mathews was alive till you paid money to have her murdered.	Shut your mouth and drive
Beth's boyfriend is playing in the band.	It must run in the family
You said you saw me with this. I never held it until today.	What's your damage, man? Corvis hacked up that girl like a motherfucker
Why did you want to go to breakfast if you're not hungry?	I just wanted to come here
Still playing?	That's not an answer.  What is it you want
Monica and Ryan.	Rose
I got caught robbing a synagogue. Lots of good stuff in them holy places; churches, temples, mosques, and who's guarding them?	Altar boys
Hector woudn't do anything.	But he's got a loud bark. That's the most important thing is a loud bark
They've been kind to me.	Paden sends his best
We'll have to satisfy them. What would you say to giving them a joint interview? I could give them some of the psychological aspects of the case and you could give them the legal aspects.	A joint interview, eh? That might be all right. We could have our pictures taken together, Doctor
Umm-hmmmm.	Definitely
That you are under no obligation to me?	Yes
Sure, Frankie. Fuck me. Fuck Meyer. Fuck Arnold Rothstein who's made us all rich. All so you can be an fuckin' honorary Sicilian!	Does Maranzano have to kiss you on the lips before you'll take his goddamn money
This is Weir.	Dr. Weir, Admiral Hollis would like to see you as soon as possible
The what?	The penguin house
She has a pattern of getting involved with losers... Once she almost ran away with a human cannonball from the circus.	Do you want a matrimonial, past wives, any kids-
How the hell did it get in here?	God, they're horrible.  I hate them.  Did you see its eyes?  How black they are?  The look in them
Why?	Because he is trying to retire me
Well, the word is to get a title shot you have to cooperate with the people who control boxing, in New York. And they're saying that you don't cooperate.	You guys know more about that than I do. I just fight..
It's just so blatantly stupid, I have a hard time believing you did it.	What's so stupid about it
I had a dream about you last night...	Yeah
This water's cold again.	I'm sorry. The fire's gone out
You look terrible. Have you had an accident?	I was here this afternoon
I wonder who'll recognize us first? They'll wet their pants.	I hope the men do.  I would rather the women didn't
Why?	It's a secret
I'm sorry, okay?  Let's not fi...	Don't touch me!  I'm <u>allergic</u> to you
Then face it. I have. Since that first night - here - in the dressing room.	When I told you what every young actress should know
Where would you most like to be now, man?	Doesn't matter where
They knew our level of development. If, as you say, they've done this many times they'd be well aware of the implications.	Maybe they are.  Maybe this is all part of the package.  The building of the machine has demanded international cooperation on an unprecedented scale.  Maybe requiring us to come together in this way was, in effect, part of the plan
I've already rented it; I cannot disappoint the new tenants.  They're paying a higher rent.	How much more a month
You accusing me of extortion?	Absolutely
Leave me alone! He's going to kill me!!	Why didn't you tell me? Why wasn't it in our files
It's nearly a quarter after four. The party was for four, wasn't it?	Yes, darling
Good shooting, Danny!	Good shooting, Rafe
Zane Grey.	Oh, that is Mr. Martins' little joke, of course..
This is a good suit.	I helped you buy it. It came with two pairs of pants. It's for luck, Johnny. When you propose marriage to a woman, you should kneel down
Can we talk later? Will you be at the party?	I'm not sure
What's that?	Will you marry me
A carriage overturned.  My husband was killed and Georgina was hurt.	How long ago
You get Hardy.	I follow the wires
Yeah, well I wouldn't expect too much.	Don't be silly. You'll be brilliant. Think of me as your inspiration
I had no idea...	I wanted to see you before you went back to Nevada.  Also, the children - Michael, they're here
She's not on the starboard side either.	We're running out of time. And this strutting martinet...  ...isn't letting any men in at all
Hello Marge!	Tom
Seven-ish	We have to make it an early night
Me?	That's what I'm running away from. I worked with six different ones in the last two years.  Oh, brother
How many?	15 6-gigs here...90 gigs total...other ship carries 20-gig cells, so...five. Five total to launch
Thorgan, suit up.	This is gonna work. If he sticks to the program. Will he? Stick to the program
Okay, listen, honey, you went double digit here, you must have been shooting out adrenaline like crazy, we gotta bring your blood sugar back up, okay?  Can you hear me?	I'm dizzy, not deaf
In this case the secret wouldn't be worth much. He doesn't know the answer himself.	But I suppose you know the answer
I never knew that.	Nobody did
Bunny, not you too?	You've got a dilemma, tiger.  I think I know what's going to help you solve it
Then leave her to me.	Pardon me, but I doubt you can handle her.  My wife was quite a martial arts expert.  Jade Fox killed her.  So you see, this is personal.  Leave her to me
Excuse me, Dr. MacFarlane --	Come in, boy -- come in
Franz, don't you see, Hitler was a man of his time.  This is a man of his time.	But he has long hair
Well, you'll soon have stories like that to tell of your own.	You think so, sir
Call me as soon as you get him.	Leave your phone on the hook
Care for a smoke?	This'll be great in my report, my mother was suspended for smoking
Hi.	Hi.  How are you doing
I know why you're not taken -- no one can catch up with you.	Relax -- you're gaining
Then it won't go after the others?	No.  It's still hunting, but not for the hormones
You seem surprised. Could it be you don’t think that badly of him after all?  You needn’t worry. It seems his motives were pure. From what I can make out he bought the boy to rescue him from further abuse.	What... What are you talking about
The hell you are.	I'm tired of always playing the cops. I wanna be Bogart sometimes
I've missed you guys.	Why
You were a roadie for Motley Crue?	Yup. Huh huh
Sit down!	You talk as if I were Asta
Who are you, kid?	My name is Gregory. I have been Wendy's counter-cousin for some time
I think they help.	I have consciousness, but I am not mortal.  Don't you see why I'm going crazy
Go for a walk in Central Park --	Go to the Symphony -
No.	Well, let me know when you figure it out
I don't know it.  I feel it.	You make it sound so simple..
You want some advice, friend? You get in your car, you pick up your family... and you get the hell out of that town.	Well... uh... thanks..
Great.  First I have a birthright, now I've got a fate.  Hey, do I have to take notes on this?	We're going to have the work hard. You'll need some excuse for staying out.  For your parents
There's another stocker, right?	We know there's another stocker
All right. What happened to our bracelet?	Don't worry.  We did the right thing with it
Where are you?	Guess
However, you are also non-en-...	...-listed personnel with detailed knowledge of classified secrets falling under the National Security Act
Klute, the Company's interest is Tom Grunemann. Solely and exclusively. You say you can't find Tom; all right, I'll see that you're paid off; the case is closed.	All right, but I'm going to see that list
Your curfew is 9:30 and you know it, little miss.	It won't happen again
What, as a sales rep?	A girl
He -- He made me do it --	Do what
Please, sir, come into bed or I shall die of a chill.	Oh, yes... of course
This isn't right Finnegan. I've got a contract.	20 hours on the clock. Out and back. Double for overtime
You all right?	Yeah
Geologists?	Coral grows at a rate of two and a half centimeters a year -
Who is it? What's it all about?	Did Miss Harrington tell you to call Mr. Richards
What?	Being clever
That goddamned woman. Thinks she can cart Jill off and leave me alone like this. I'm more than pissed, Margie. I'm a whole lot more than pissed. I been that plenty and I know the difference. This is different.	Marg! You got orders
Well, I guess it's getting late. Please thank Kathryn for the use of her Steinway.	I'll see you tomorrow
Peter, I believe in you.  More to the point, I read your new script... um...	"""Ashes To Ashes?"
Do you wanna be a hall monitor all your life?	Hello, I'm gonna need this right now...this guy...well we think he might be going after the governor.  Twenty minutes? Fine
A springbok, an oryx, a gemsbok--a gazelle.	Sir
Seventeen thousand in debt.  Whew.  Is your ex-husband helping out?	Which one
All right.  What do we do now?	We wait for Robert to wake up
Mass hysteria.	Maybe you're upset that Rachel moved in
Will you please keep your voice down, there's people --	-- You could have scared the son of a bitch off. We may never bust him now. All for a couple's political points
Have you no feelings, woman?	You shut your face -
He's the liaison for McCay. Listen go. Go now.	Don't have to tell me twice
I gave the other one to the Sheriffs and they're giving it to the <u>real</u> FBI.  This one's a fake.	You'd better be kidding
And where do you think you're going?	Out
Roy... What if I told you I wasn't really your mother? That we weren't related?	What
Excuse me?	Mr. Bradley left about a half hour ago.  He said his plans had changed unexpectedly.  Would you prefer an interior or exterior room
What?	I wanna play a song on the juke.  You got a quarter
Shit, here we go.	You didn't want to see me, did you
I don't know...	"The ""Other Place,"" what is that..."
A baby... and she isn't even married.	That's the least of her troubles. Rose had a rare tropic disease and the little tubes in her that babies swim down are all stopped up, she told me all about it
This Vulcan -- is he alive?	He is not himself -- but he lives. He is subject to rapid aging -- like this unstable planet
You want to join the Harold Ryan Fan Club?  Wear a pink jacket with a yellow streak up the back?	Do I have to?  Who's the little girl
I like it here, Dennis.  I'm never going to leave.	Fuckin' A
...  maybe three hours.	Caesar, what are you going to do
Which two?	Once their lives are in danger and you have the mob guy coming after them, it not only heightens the tension, it adds a wistful element to their love
Planning on getting --	Remarried.  There is no move
Excuse me?	He left me my passport and ticket. It's pretty clear he wants to see me again
Oh, you gonna make me say it.	Say what, Manray
Hello, Eddie's girl...  I looked all over for you.	Oh yeah? How'd you find me
Who?  The jerk who's running your life?	This must be... very, very, hard on him
I think I'd better go home now please.	But, Elaine -
I’m moving to Paris...it was right here...  It’s a box marked “Jack.”  I put it in the stack for the Salvation Army...	Paris
She already hates me.  You've seen to that.	You're not terribly good at taking care of h..
It's silent. It holds a place, takes a vowel. The vowels are little dots that go under the letters.	Where are they
-- recommending that all Embassy offices be locked during the lunch hour.	Starting with his own
Catch!	What do you mean
I'm getting tired.	Why don't we all turn in?  It's been a long day
Yes, but I've seen the tapes. This poltergeist is becoming increasingly more violent. We all could be in danger. I say we pull the plug.	Whoa, Dwight, I say when we pull the plug. Get a hold of yourself. Dwight, we're on the verge of greatness and I'm about this close to getting laid. Now, the bus will be here on Monday. Until then no one leaves
You crazy? With all those people around?	Know what you are?! You're a prude, Roper
Why not?	Last thing I need is a reason to keep hacking.  This job's a fill-in
Hey, you guys, what's going on?	We're going for a little liquid refreshment
You stupid fucking cunt.  You, Williamson...I'm talking to you, shithead...You just cost me six thousand dollars.  Six thousand dollars.  And one Cadillac.  That's right.  What are you going to do about it?  What are you goin to do about it, asshole. You fucking shit.  Where did you learn your trade.  You stupid fucking cunt.  You idiot.  Whoever told you you could work with men?	Could I..
Then I don't suppose it'll matter much to anyone but me.	I think it might also matter to Mitch
"He's not exactly what we call ""a spring chicken""."	No, no, that is Uhmed Singh, the present Maharajah's late father
Some good ones.	They're all good ones.  Satellites we've got can snap a shot of the boil on Saddam's ass
You get him?	Dead
Conklin up front.	I'll get the book
Twice.	Is that what you were trained to do
When was the last time you cleaned this place?	Hmmm
That's a very personal question.	I see.  This is going to be a very polite conversation.  What shall we discuss?  The weather?  Movies
May I please be excused?	Uh...yeah
If you admit to making three, then it's four, actually.  But how?	I just told you
Hi.	Thanks for being on time... Carol, the waitress, this is Simon, the fag
The smoke'll permeate your nostrils - burn 'em out.  Let it run.	But you knew that, right
But if it wasn't for Dignan I probably would of died.	Yes... It's true
Nothing special, just a spoke in the wheel.	You talk in rhymes and riddles and ra...rub-adub --- but that doesn't mean anything to me, see....see...see I used to be smart....I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith. I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith from the tv -
Tim, what are you talking about?	Ask your girlfriend
She just likes to tease.  I think she really likes you.	Great
Psychiatrist said I was the healthiest person he'd ever met, so Marty fired him.	...I don't know if you can fire a psychiatrist, exactly
You're married.	Not anymore
Do you know what he's saying?	What who's saying
Stop saying fantastic.  Where are you going?	I can't tell you.  But I'll be back within a week
Well, what am I supposed to do? He's engaged! She's got the family six- carat on her bony, unpolished finger.	"You're asking the wrong girl. I'm with my guy eight years and then one day it's ""I met someone else. Move out."
He used all of you to get him on that boat. He couldn't get on alone and he had to pull the trigger himself to make sure he got his man. The one man that could identify him.	This is all bullshit
Excuse me, sir, are you calling my wife a liar?	Honey, please..
Suspect Zero.	That's a crackpot theory. Everybody says so
Too many people know where you're going, Snake. That's not good. Delgado and his men were back there waiting for you.	Delgado
Signior Romeo, bon jour! there's a French salutation to your French slop. You gave us the counterfeit fairly last night.	Good morrow to you both. What counterfeit did I give you
I want two men stationed in that tier, and I want men with rifles all along the walkway.	Capt'n
Let me tell you, Ray, everything in life happens for a reason.  Call it fate, call it luck, Karma, whatever.  I think we were destined to get kicked out of there.	For what purpose
Oh.	Tell him
She married some English prick.	He's not that bad of a guy ..
Whoa. Some of this hard liquor's a tad too manly for me. I'm a brewski man myself.	Better ease up then, Hawk. Wouldn't want to give you whiskey dick would we
Get out? We had an arrangement.	Didn't you hear what I said
Oh, yes, of course. But where are we going?	Oh, this map will show you. It was drawn by, uh..
No, he's ruining yours.	Same difference.  If you love someone, it's your duty to save them from themselves
You're crying. Why?	I don't know. Everything's so mixed up -
Really?	You better believe it
What do you mean?  What happened!	We don't have time.  I'll explain later, hurry
I'll look into it as soon as I check out some avocado groves.	Avocado groves
Now. But first, he worked for you.	You were going to have this thug...
What did he say?	He said that my hand felt good
What's the spread on the game tonight?	I don't know.  Look
Who is this?	You tell me your name, I'll tell you mine
Look. All I want is a haircut. I'm not worried about this guy.	Ever since he started reviewing the Broadway theater, nobody in this business has been worried about anything else
Are they moulting now?	Some of them are
...Benedict Arnold...	...that simpleton is holding back the race.  They got rid of us and keep those two buffoons, Mantan and Sleep 'N Eat, y'knowwhatI'msayin'
Is there any sort of risk of brain damage?	Well, technically, the procedure itself is brain damage, but on a par with a night of heavy drinking. Nothing you'll miss
Speaking of which, are you still going ahead with that deal on the Montecristos?	It's all set. My guy in Miami said he'd have them within the next few weeks.  Are you sure you don't want to go in with me? Five thousand dollars outlay, a guaranteed ten-thousand-dollar return. A consortium of Court Street lawyers and judges. They're just drooling to get their lips around some genuine Cuban cigars
How much you weigh, Johns?	What the hell's it matter
I don't know. Any new bodies accumulated out there?	No sir
Gillian... Would the whales be at sea by now?	Yes... If you have a chart on board, I can show you
So they're trying to kill you and your baby. Don't tell me.  Your name also happens to be Rosemary.	No -- please listen!  They're coming ... coming for me and my baby
Would you like me to take my pants off?	If you wish.  You're not wearing any underwear
I'm -- I'm sorry -- I don't know anything about stamps.	I know them as one knows his own face, even though I have never seen them. This yellow one -- a Swedish four shilling -- called 'De Gula Fyraskillingen' -- issued in 1854
No, not at all.	Well, I was just calling to see how you're doing
I would not presume to debate you.	That is wise. In any case, were I to invoke logic, logic clearly dictates that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few
It's going to ram us.	It wouldn't dare
Why, you - you— Look here - he may dash us to pieces!	It might afford you a great deal of relief.  Now gentlemen, I'm going back to sleep. Oh, and I was having such a peaceful dream.  As soon as he lands, let me know
Please.	No. I'm a marked man, Jez. I'm the only one left. I don't want to expose you to that. It's not right for you or me. Be reasonable
I'm warning you, Thelma.  You better drop it right now!  I don't want to talk about it!	Okay, Louise... It's okay
"There are certain rules that one must abide by in order to successfully survive a horror movie. For instance: 1. You can never have sex. The minute you get a little nookie -- you're as good as gone. Sex always equals death. 2. Never drink or do drugs. The sin factor. It's an extension of number one. And 3. Never, ever, ever, under any circumstances, say ""I'll be right back."""	Wanna another beer
I know he's out, but how's he doing?	Y'know, I treated him better than any other probie I ever had. He probably hates my guts, but I did the best thing for him. I made him finally look in the mirror
"""Local boy inherits more money than god."" Call me crazy, but I smell human interest."	Really? You wanna write about me
I'm not out of shape!	Can I have your name please
Oh, those are only local. Wait'll they start pouring in from all over the country.	"Do you mean all--look--look we'd better open them up--see what they say here--look at the money--what does it say--""Dear Senator Smith, I would like to come to your boy's camp and I shine shoes at the station and here's nine cents."" Oh, isn't that wonderful. Look and he signs it. ""Yours truly, Stinky Moore."" Isn't that marvelous?  Say--have I got some paper here"
We want 2,000 more tons of barley distributed.	Impossible! You will bring famine down on the people of Tibet with these insatiable demands! More food, the best land for your soldiers to camp
Come upstairs a moment.	I know a very good dentist
Why do you say I'm self-conscious?	Well, I've been watching you. I've watched you eat, I've watched you speak, I've watched the way you move, and I see somebody who is extremely conscious of being looked at. I think you really believe that people are looking at you all the time. And you know what
If the headline is big enough, it makes the new big enough.  The murder of Mrs. Harry Silverstone -	"As a matter of fact, we sent a man to the Silverstone home yesterday afternoon.  Our man even arrived before the ""Chronicle"" reporter.  And there's no proof that the woman was murdered - or even that she's dead"
She okay?	Yeah.  Yeah, she's fine
Yes.	What did it tell you
I warned you yesterday.	Don't touch me!  You can't touch me
Purpre mama!	Be quiet, Ike! The movie's starting
What gave me away?	Nothing.  I was just making sure. So, who are you
Never mind those guys. All right, stand up. Now let's see what you look like when you protest.	Against what
Sh, Talby, don't bother me now.	Ah, well, I think I've found the malfunction, sir. I'm in the Emergency Air Lock..
His parents missed Woodstock and he's been making up for it since. Hey, you hear about Joey's bust?	Yeah. Probably had something to do with that bank in Idaho
How many bottles?	Not sure. Ten
Uh, listen -- Willie -- I got a better idea.	What?
No, just crap. I want some picture frames.	Never heard of K-MART
For your own fear.	Hey. Why don't you rag your hole for two seconds and let someone else come up with a plan that doesn't involve MASS SUICIDE
Hey, man, I'm not--	Who're you working for?  Lebowski? Jackie Treehorn
A -- a tourist.	See, that's EXACTLY what I'm talkin' about!  Here!  I'LL give you a little humor
Why?	I'm not into finger foods.  Too fussy
Tommy, I want you to go back upstairs...	What is it, Laurie
I've got to leave?	-- yes, honey, you've got to get out of here
It's only a couple of courses...just for the draft.	Charlie, couple of courses isn't enough to get you student deferred... I mean if they wanted to draft you, you would've been drafted by now
...I'm sorry, I don't see it that way...	...oh, bullshit!  He was intruding on my space, he was demeaning me personally, he was patronizing..
"Ah.  The director of ""Glen Or Glenda."""	H-how'd you know?
Shouldn't a drug that powerful be destroyed?	The virus itself might have positive applications.  They'll keep the plants in secure lock up while the studies are made.  Greg isn't joining us
More about life on Mars.  From a rock they <u>found</u> on the South Pole. Explain that one to me.  But maybe we should go to Mars and find out? How much do you think that's going to cost?	What is it with you and the space program
Recall the time we was sittin' one night behind the Confederate soldier? Leanin' against it. And you took your hand and put it on your heart and you said, 'You feel it beatin' in there, Lula?... Get used to it, 'cause it belongs to you now.' D'you recall that?	I do
I seem to remember something about a history project that's due tomorrow.	Dad.  You just think you know everything, don't you
Who cares?	I care.  Don't you know what Caen's famous for, Sarge
Pleasure.	Have we met?  There's something I can't quite -
Let me tell you, honey, midgets are the best kept secret in male companionship. They're portable. They're controllable. They're eager. And they're exactly the right height for a little covert oral fun on the dance floor.	I have a friend you might like to meet
I'm here, aren't I?	I guess Mike's got some sort of sports practice in the afternoon
Tumescent!	You're not helping
The chest! The chest that I put my papers in.	What papers
What?	Your cigarette -- out
So why isn't it all bloody?	I assume he licked it clean
Women.	That, sir, does not compute
No, it just struck me as odd...I don't see you for all these years and you've still got the same tape stuck in the box.	You know what they say...the classics are eternal
Yes... of course... when you don't need me anymore.	Are you sent by God
What am I gonna do?	Listen, what's your name
Jesus Christ, it's a fucking dog!	Don't go in, Ryan
Don't mind him, Chucky.  You're talking to a guy whose idea of big romance is a palm full of Vaseline.	Screw you, Valentino.  I haven't seen you swapping spit with anybody
Buffy, Jesus!  You know these steps.	Sorry
Are you sure?	I told you. I'm like positive
So you admit it?	Guilty as charged. I'm not gonna play games with you. I could give you a song and dance but what's the point? I did it and we all know it.  The hitcher himself told me it's illegal. The irony..
Honestly?	Uh-huh
Otherwise, how are things?	I sure didn't expect her to drop dead
How long do you intend -- ?	I said with the mouth shut
Excuse me, Professor Lambeau?	Yes
Because I could come...	To the twins' soiree?  So they can paw you and drool...
How well my comfort is revived by this.	Hie you make haste! But look thou stay not till the watch be set, for then thou canst not pass to Mantua where thau shalt live till we can find a time to blaze you marriage, reconcile your friends, beg pardon of the Prince and call thee back with twenty hundred times more joy, than thou wentst forth in lamentation. Quick hence! Be gone by break of day! Sojourn in Mantua
Where does that go?	All over the ship; we'll have to check the charts to know for sure
<u>Grossartig</u>--<u>kolossal</u>!	<u>Also</u>, <u>um</u> <u>zwoelf</u> <u>Uhr</u>
No, Jeff--please--!	I say it's *your* parade, sir! You've *got* to come
Are you so certain you are away from it?	As far away as I ever want to be
He's in there!	Get out
... Arrangements also have to be made for the V.I.P.s coming in, mostly religious leaders...	What?  Why
Something wrong with the stairs?	Avoid-all-contact-day
Of IMF agents.  At the Embassy.  Tonight.	I don't quite follow you
I didn't know if I wanted to handle her -- I already got a snake act.  But my partner goes down there to the Opera House on suck night to book the good ones.	What's suck night
Can we go home soon Rachel?	Real soon, Jamie. Now shh
Mister Mulvaney?	Yeah
What would he think?	Can't think. He's dead. In Ireland. He was a soldier. Went there like a fool
...to him.	What
No... go on.	Leon, I want to tell you something which I thought I never would say, which I thought nobody ever should say, because I thought it didn't exist... and, Leon... I can't say it..
I can safely say that Michael Myers is now in your hands.	Yeah.  Well I guess your happy to see him go
I can see that. Why?	I got some more business for ya
Nah.  Those guys aren't murderers. They wanted to scare him, that's all.  Make him look bad.	In Sicily, when you attack a man, you had better finish him
Well, back home they don't know about fuckin' control. That looks bad.	Looks bad? I'm gonna tell you what looks bad
Northeast?  That's away from the Hummer; further into Iraqi.	There's another pass on the photo.  We can avoid that narrow one we had to cross on the way up, and it should get us back down
"It's not ""love me.""  It's not ""trust my handshake.""  It's make the sale. Get it signed.  There shouldn't be ""confusion"" about that."	Go ahead.  Jump right on into my nightmare.  The water's warm. _ 65
Fine.	Not in front of the boy
In Cheyene Walk?  Lucy's going to have a meltdown.  Oh, I'm so sorry.	I should have damn well bought it.  Well, we can't afford it.  The movie's going to eat up a year of my life and I'm getting paid next to nothing.  Do you know how much Skye Davidson's getting?  Four million
I can read. I can read!	Sorry
Yeah, well the only woman of the Indian's we ran into was shacked up with her dyke girlfriend.  I guess she went with him before she came outta the Closet ... They both looked mad enough to kill him...	Yeah, too bad.  They were real nice lookin' too...In bed together, hardly any clothes one watching TV..
What papers?	The documents. The photos! The tapes! The evidence
CB. Little while ago. One of the boys on the way in picked up Jack on the CB calling for state troopers. I figured you'd know what really happened. The fucking guy kill himself? This Twombley, who the fuck is he, anyhow?	No, I... I've been out on the grader all morning. Twombley's summer people. Massachusetts. Friend of Gordon's. It was his idea for Jack to take him hunting.  I gotta go
And this trip to the valley. I can't imagine why I'd allow you to drag me down here. Why, we don't know anything about these people. We're not even armed!	They're very nice people - except that they've got horns
Your brother got mixed up with child procurers  and tried to make this world a better place, Mrs De Moraes. And having rescued one little life he unwisely set out to repeat the exercise.  You don’t mess around with child procurers. Right now my guess is he’s either on the run, held captive, or dead.  I understand your misgivings, Mrs De Moraes. But I’ve seen the boy and made telephone contact with the man Leon bought him from. If anyone knows what happened to your brother it will be that man. Which leads me to why I’m here at such a late hour. I need £20,000, in cash, by 11 this morning.	Excuse me
Sure is.	God, I've never seen anything like this before.  Are all of these Indian designs authentic
"""You can't always get what you want!"" That's a great title for a song! I'm gonna write that, and it'll be a big hit."	Good on ya, man
I got it.	Right, now I need you to tape it up on the outside, where he touched it, so the prints keep
Crawfords.	Whatever
I guess so...but...	You want to rest a bit before you start
So uh, if you were a plastic surgeon before...	How can I do what I do now?  Let's just say I spent a lot of time in the prison library
Check.	Zombies set to knock out local air defense four hundred miles from primary
Fine. I'll do it myself. I was going to offer a partnership to you, but this way it's more money for me.	You wanted to be partners with me
Will she come back?	Probably
Finally.	-- So if you think it's appropriate, I'd like to bounce the idea off a few people at lunch -
I have thought about you.	Oh no no -- no
I'm in traffic.  There's no place to turn.	Please
Wuddya got for me – what the hell happened to your face?	Nothing. It's just a mosquito bite
Here it is.	What is it
I'm down, but for a worthwhile cause.	Jade, I still love you
Do you have an agent, Stanley?	No
I didn't even know there were many crows in Bodega Bay this time of year.	The crow is a permanent resident throughout its range. In fact, during our Christmas Count, we recorded..
Who're you kidding? You can so.	Jesus H. Christ, I can't
Has she been buying any odd things lately?	Miz Wilkes? Same old stuff.  --Lest you call paper odd
What? Are you all right?	I think we're making a lot of noise
What do you mean?	I mean, it's a good story
I been immobile.	No. You don't understand
Maybe lead to a flare up...	A flare up..
So I was telling you, my kid brother Nickie got married last Sunday. That was a very nice affair. And they had this statue of some woman, and they had whiskey spouting outta her mouth. I never saw anything so grand in my life.  And watta meal. I'm a butcher, so I know a good hunka steak when I see one. That was choice filet, right off the toppa the chuck. A buck eighty a pound. Of course, if you wanna cheaper cut, get rib steak. That gotta lotta waste on it, but it comes to about a buck and a quarter a pound, if it's trimmed. Listen, Clara, make yourself comfortable. You're all tense.	Oh, I'm fine
He gets it, but he's pissed.	That's all well and good, but what do we say to 'em
Hello, Miss Channing.	How are you making out in Mr. Fabian's office?  I don't want you working the child too hard, Max - just because you promised. As you see, I kept my promise, too..
What was that about?	Get me Wigand
Because everything that man's done has been suspicious. Trips at night in the rain, saws, knives, trunks with rope, and a wife that isn't there any more.	I'll admit it all has a mysterious sound -- but is could mean a number of different things. Murder is the least likely
To tell you the truth, you didn't.	Not completely, anyway
Are you all right?	... right as rain
Something has happened to them. Let's try this way...	Let's try this way!  Holy Maker
I call this the Rogue's gallery.	Yes. I can see: You've hung the rest of your relatives
You can fuck off, too.	You're taking a big chance
Maybe.  Or maybe somebody's finally caught up with us.  Somebody with a grudge.  Thought you might want to spread the word.	Hey.  Hey.  If you don't mind, use the back stairs, all right
What about crack?  You a user?	I said I was a nun, not an asshole
That's all right, Walter. It's as much my fault as yours.	Bruce is making the nine o'clock train. I told him you'd be on it -- unless you want to write this story yourself
You probably know the type. You find them in hotels and resorts all over the world. They always have clothes, and money, and usually have had three or four husbands. They dress and enamel themselves with great care. They worry a great deal about those little lines at the corner of the eyes.. And they demonstrate their incompetence at the art of living bet getting mixed up with people like Larry Mitchell.  Tell me about yourself, Miss Mayfield.	I was born in New York City. I grew up. And here I am
"Dolores, don't you understand?  I'm a director now!  I made ""Glen Or Glenda.""  Directing <u>is</u> my day job."	"All I know is, ever since ""Glen Or Glenda,"" all you do is booze it up and wear my clothes"
You think Drew will go for it?	Quince, I've got confidence in you
Phillippe...?	How did you -
Smile... good?	Yes
Smell something fishy, huh?	I'VE GOT A SURPRISE FOR YOU, CHET. SOMETHING INTERESTING THAT I WOULD LIKE TO SHOW YOU. ARRANGEMENTS ARE BEING MADE AND I WILL MEET YOU AT THE PORTLAND, AIRPORT
You reckless imbecile.  This place is ours for the taking and you let yourself... twelve hundred years old and you act like a child.	I had him in my grasp
Keep it to yourself.	You know the other day I really wanted your reaction to how we did with the Libyan report -- I was going to ask but I guess I feel a little intimidated with you
No, Elden, I need to...	You need to get yourself gone from my crime scene. And leave Betty alone, she's..
Yes?	Since Mary Clarence came to St. Katherine's, I've been shot at, kidnapped by Mafia hit men, and I've tasted beer. Is that enough experience yet?  For final vows
You are really going to force this, aren't you?	Either you are with me or against me
So we need two people, two women.	Can you cover that
Blond, right-handed, really strong, wears a size eleven shoe. The prints are all smooth gloves. He's on a full moon cycle. Both times. His blood is AB Positive.	Somebody hurt him
We're armed. This fucker's ready to blow...	...repeat, we're armed..
I thought maybe you did. I know you don't approve of the subject being raised--	That's not true. The subject scares me. Because of Zelda
Wait a minute.  Just listen to me...	...And he thought he'd clock old Jake McKenna and turn his brains into wall paper...and then maybe borrow $200 or $20,000, or $200,000..
You can't expect us to stand by while you take the ship into the Great Barrier.	What you fear is the unknown. The people of your planet once believed their world was flat. Columbus proved it was round. They said the sound barrier could never be broken. It was broken. They said warp speed could not be achieved. The Great Barrier is the ultimate expression of this universal fear. It's an extension of personal fear.  Captain Kirk, I so much want your understanding. I want your respect. Are you afraid to hear me out
We don't need to do anything, apart from just stop him entering the room.	Leaving the room
... 'Cause of being woken up, and it would make my job impossible. So then I wouldn't even try.	What job
You don't know what you want, but I'm not going to sit here anymore holding your hand until you figure it out! I've encouraged you to get out of this fucking dump and go back to school, to take charge of your life and find direction. I even transferred so maybe you would be more inclined to go back to college if I was with you. Everyone said it was a stupid move, but I didn't care because I loved you and wanted to see you pull yourself out of this senseless funk you've been in since that whore dumped you, oh so many years ago. And now you want to go back to her so she can fuck you over some more?	I don't want to go back with her..
Gee whiz, Dad--	Welcome to manhood, you little sparrowfart!  Load that gun
Tell them!  Tell them!	For Christ's sake, Johnnie, do what he says
Mmm, nice dress? Or mmm--  Gorgeous, I was insane to let you go!	Both
Sir, I recommend we raise shields.	Not yet, Mister Worf
Oh, things. Photos. Tapes. I tape everything that goes on in this office.	Everything
Do you want us to come in the kitchen?	No. It's a mess
I know the difference.  You were in Lompoc USP, the federal penitentiary. I've delivered people there.  So basically you've spent half your life in prison.	Basically.  Yeah.  If I go back now, I do a full thirty years, no time off. Can you imagine looking at that
All right then. It's refreshing to see two young people not afraid of real commitment. Will you have friends or family saying words - singing or anything?	Are we supposed to
What do you mean?	I've seen them too ... the demons
No. WOODLY The magic root you gave me--I had it analyzed.  It was discovered by a Harvard botanist in 1893!  He explored your famous jungle for five years, armed with nothing but kindness, a talent for languages, and a pocketknife.	I see
-- Forget it.  And try not to bleed on my throw rugs.  Why do this?	If you have to ask, you wouldn't understand
Cut the shit. You shouldn't be in here, Man.	Cuz I'm a skin
Wow. It's packed.	It's great! They're behind you. They feel like they know you
You don't love me, is that it?	Nope
How badly do you want that money?! How bad do you want to stay out of jail?	Not bad enough to kill him
We're stuck tight!	Skipper!  Look at the depth gauge
Sorry, I'm way behind.	I'm onto something, Marlon - something big
Kevin, I'm telling you... it was like nothing I've...	Yeah yeah yeah. Yadda yadda yadda. Were you stoned
A spate of suspicious fires which were in fact the inspiration for the formation of the Waterford Huskies...	My oh my
There is nothing to discuss.	Will you listen to this man? Will you just listen to him?  You really caused a panic on a public beach, you shoot up the place, God knows who could've been injured -- what if somebody de- cides to sue us?  That could ruin us
But you have never liked Jason. You always laughed at him - -quarreled with him --	And I love and admire him more than any man I ever knew. I read these poems. He's lost his talent and his was a really great gift. What I have to do today -- to bring him this rejected manuscript -—will be the most disheartening thing I have ever done and the most disillusioning
So you...	Listen, Queen Collie, I have a code. I never, ever, drop a case.  Besides, I, uh, used all your money to pay my bills, so I kinda owe you
Don't be so optomistic, Harry.	I'm completely serious.  There is something very important missing from that spacecraft.  You know what that is
You know, sometimes I wish I was one of those girls they're letting in the flight program these days. God, I'd love to fly.	What's stopping you
How you holding up?	I'm fine. Little nervous...little disappointed that I didn't finish this myself
Why me?	Cause Buckaroo needs me here
Oh my God!  She's in there!	Daddy help
Well, girl. You tested negative for all sexually transmitted diseases and infections.	Yes
No, my mama. She's from Grenada.	I like you, country
Watch this.	Come on, don't fuck around, will ya
Alright.	Alright
They brought her into the room... one man, he put a knife to her throat and he raped her...	No..
Sit down, Jake.	Where are they
I'm sorry.	There's a lot of people here
I got a new car. Only it's red. Did you know Mama died?	Yeah. Yeah, I heard about that
I don't think Miss Daniels is going to sue anybody.	Well, you're the lawyer
Yes.	-- well, more than anything else --  -- I'd like to suck his cock
Anything but Japanese.	Why
Lotta these little farmers mighty nice fellas. Trouble is they're little, they ain't got much say-so.	Shore looks like my lucky day, anyway. Gettin' some work at las'
I've got a boyfriend, Mark.	What? Steady like
What?	Yesterday
Hot run to 842 Beulah, corner of Haight... And you can tell your pal Theo he just got his worthless ass fired. Not that he cares but the wife and kid might.	Theo's dead
Nobody's better with evidence. But he has the other thing, too. He doesn't like that part of it...	You wouldn't like it, either if you had it
Please answer the question.	Of course not!  Such a pity, that assassination.  In fact, I admired President Kennedy.  A man with true panache, and a wife with impeccable taste
Can't be much of a crime, if all they got minding the area is a cocky kid.	I got your plate number, asshole. Maybe you feel like spending a few months in jail
Cold?  Cold.  How cold?	Never let it reach fifty degre-degrees
I'm perfectly calm, George, I'm simply saying you have no respect for me, that you're incapable of distinguishing between me and one of your average Hollywood... mummers...	-- What
Who was this fuckin' guy?	Rock and roll, Gus.  Johnny Boz
Almost seven.  No -- no, he's not seven yet I am sure --	Well -- it seems to me -- I remember when you paid me-
Jawohl!	Some are not bad at all
you have any idea how much I can sue these jokers for?	Well, just don't forget your old friends when you're rich and famous
Shit!  I... I, which way?	West.  Left
And you know why? Because the company knows they can starve us out -- even if it takes another two, three months. What's it to them if the mine's shut down a little longer?	It's a lot to them. They'd do anything to open that mine
-- But this time they bombed him and then cremated the body.	They coulda danced a jig on it an' fed it to goats -- don't matter.  Ya' can't kill Jason by gettin' rid of his body.  He'll come back the way he always do, to drag the kiddies into the darkness and crush their little skulls -- maybe even your skull, Mr. Campbell
Your family?  How can you ever lose your family?	But times are different..
It's me.	What kind of sentimental bullshit is this
Looking... good, partner.  Hang in there.	Y-you're a g-god damn saint, John
He just saved us eight hundred thousand bucks.	He's got a gift for fiction
Cut it out. Animal! I'll fix you up with a couple of those Russian women!	You'll fix me up
Uh huh?	Are you...gonna go...away
What in the hell?	Pipe down, brain lady!  And you..
What was that all about? You think he's trying to scare us?	I don't know but I'm not taking any chances..
You want to hear the good news first, or the bad news?	Give me the bad news
Right.	Then stick with Bialystock
Oh, Rocky!	Christ
Oh my God.  Where?	He's sitting in the fourth booth down, on the left hand side, with his back to us.  He's wearing a navy jacket.  If you turn around, you can see part of his right elbow
Oh, really? You wanna go look?	Yeah, man
But it is being used, isn't it, Father?	It has not been used yet in this prison. The Governor has grave doubts about it and I have heard that there are very serious dangers involved
Now, why can't I find a girlfriend like that?  Brings him lunch everyday, thoughtful, sweet, legs from here to there--	Straight
Hey – Willie Mays.	Willie Mays
You think the end of the world will come at nighttime, Jim?	No.  At dawn
Well, it's all quite... I've never heard... It's quite...	Yes
We've got such sights to show you --	You can keep them
What are you doing?	What are you talking about
'Yes' is the answer to your question.	I didn't ask any question
And before me there was Miss Rossi in Auditing -- and after me there was Miss Koch in Disability -- and just before you there was Miss What's-Her-Name, on the twenty- fifth floor --	Will you excuse me
They're on the bridge. Seal off the 50th floor!	I should have hired this man.  Get somebody up there
I know Alexander.  His imagination must be struck by some great, bold, powerful stroke, and he will come back to me, just as he did at Friedland.	With his army of 400,000 men in concealed bivouacs, on a ten mile front, in the forests, bordering the banks of the Vistula river, Napoleon conducted a last minute personal reconnaissance, disguised in the uniform of a Polish lancer
Who is that?	That's the sister
All of it?	Every cent of it, and it still was less than we owe
You mean he has the power of life and death?	No -- that is a power reserved to the Almighty Spirit
I got them all going for Oakland. With bullshit money. We'll cover the $800.	All right. What are you gonna do
Door's locked.	See the codelock? Punch this in. 2699
All right, now if you're really feeling dangerous tonight, then Smokey and the Bandit Three is the movie you must rent.	This doesn't even have Burt Reynolds in it
So who is this <i>Choko?</i> Is he your new boyfriend?	It's Choco. And he's not my boyfriend. He's a bounty hunter
Hm hmm. What did you have for dinner?	Fish...  ... brussel sprouts
Lord forgive me.. they already know too, much..	"""..in which all the history of the Universe resides ..all the strength..all the hope..Protect us from Evil.."
...I want to....I want so many things, Claudia. Maybe we can just talk to straighten our things out....there are so many things that I want to tell you --	I don't wanna talk to you
Why don't you say hello?	Annabelle pick up the phone
I'm sorry.	Damn it, why are you ruining my night? I'm just starting to have fun.  Well fine then, go ahead, pull your badge and do your thing
You did that?	Eighty-two thousand dollars
"Have to pass on the revolution today man, I got class... But how about tonight, I was gonna check out ""Cloud Nine."" Just like old times."	Can't... they're having a PE meeting at Headquarters tonight, come on down. Check it out
Don't go anywhere. Stay with me.	I gotta find him
Well, in '85 four of us left our firms and formed an investment banking venture. We've got twenty-three people working there now.	You've done well
"No, it's just... no one's ever said that. And I thought if someone did ever say it, I'd have to say it first and then they'd sort of say ""I love you too"" cause they felt they had to after I'd said it."	Is that how you feel
"Yeah, yeah, like a son.  I've known this boy since he was sixteen. The first time I saw him, back in Oakland, I said, ""This is a talented boy. This is a smart boy."""	Talk to me, Charlie
You have an active imagination.	I've been to Church Hill
Why, then, things should be fine.	A little upset is all she was? Because I'll tell you, Jud, my brains feel a little like a nuclear reactor on the edge of a meltdown
Because, because...we don't <u>have</u> to build an Old Mill -- they <u>have</u> an Old Mill -- <u>yeah</u>.  It's on a stream -- that's where you <u>put</u> a mill.	...they run on water
What'll you have, Margo?	Martini
Yes?	This your place
No.	I beg your pardon
Joe Doakes? It's quarter to 10...	I'm sorry. We're running behind. So many applicants...so few jobs... If you'll just have a seat
"Huh huh huh. He said ""anus."""	Entert-ain...us...an-us...Oh yeah! Heh heh. Anus. Heh heh
Well, she's running now, too. These fucking people like to run, don't --	-- Cooch. Woh. Stop
You'd think they could at least send a ship. Bad enough to be court marshaled and spend the rest of our lives mining borite -- but to come home in this Klingon flea trap...	We could learn a thing or two from this flea trap. It has a cloaking device that cost us a lot
I tell you, I could fly around this room with my eyes closed!	Okay then, Mr. Lightbeer!  Prove it
Of all the times! Of all the times! Two months to the end of his term-- and Foley has to go and die on us--	Whom are you calling--in the dead of night
It doesn't matter, I didn't tell h...	Because there'll be, oh, 20 or 30 mothers phoning me in the next hour or so.  And they'll b..
Don't worry baby, it shouldn't take you more than five days if you just stop to sleep and eat.	By car right
Tell him to stop messing Dil around --	Dil -
So... here is the famous Jeanne... Savior of Orleans... terror of the English?  You look pretty ordinary to me...	Am I... am I dead
...put the rest of it in a money market account for now. I want to see what you know before I invest it...and save the cheap salesman talk, it's obvious.	Excuse me sir
Pilar--	Looks real bad if the teacher's late for class. It's really nice to talk with you, Sam
Ever see one of these before?	Too important for telephone.  Comedian -- Dr. Manhattan.  All linked up
You! Don't make me laugh.	You're such a smart aleck! Nobody can do anything but you. I'll show you how to stop a car—and I won't use my thumb
He's from Southie? How many people did you try before you came to me?	Five
Go!  Hey!  Go! Caravaggio is in terror.	Oh Jesus.  Oh Jesus Christ
A man who is not married has nothing.  He is a man of trouble. You need a woman.	You proposing what I think you're proposing?  Don't you think I'm a little young for you
I know that --	You don't know that.  You couldn't possibly.  If I'd only done this, or that, if I'd arrived ten minutes earlier, or later.  If we'd taken a different path or I hadn't fought the man for the ring.  You have no idea what it is to relive every moment of that night -- consider every action you made -- and every one of them wrong
You smell weird.	What
'Course how could you miss, right? Twenty, maybe thirty feet. I mean, if I'd'a been where you guys were --	Psst. Vince
Isn't it beautiful?!!	It's grand
Master Ching taught me.	The Praying Mantis school, in Bejing
Hi, folks. You're entering a restricted zone. Can I see your security badges?	Sure
Definitely! Nolan, my boy, you're a walkin' distillery.	I wonder how many Hail Marys the Father'll make me say at confession.  It'll be worth it! The pallet is loaded now. Terry turns and approaches Nolan
Miss --	You find a girl
But my own kid bro—	This is for you to figure out. You can have it your way or you can have it his way.  But you can't have it both ways.  Am I right, Sonny
"...It's just, I thought ""Renaissance"" was too Excaliber, it's the wrong casino. She would've gotten it, though..."	You did fine. Don't sweat her. We're meeting our honeys soon. You know Christy's friend is going to be money
I'd love to go there one time...	You and Frank ever take a vacation
I sure know that feeling.  Terrific work today.	Right back to you
Let's split.	Not yet, we need a few lengths of scaffold
We have a murder?	Charley Wade
Oh you can have it, I'm packing it in -- it depresses me.	Y'what
Do they, m'dear?	-- Plus we've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from The Russian Tea Room.  I've dressed him in a Cossack shirt and he'll sing Nelson Eddy songs
Another, Frank . . . ?	...everybody.  Mike says, `Pat, you mean to tell me for a buck you get a free lunch and a beer, and then you go in the back and get laid?'  `That's correct.'  Mike says, `Pat.  Have you been in this bar ?'  Pat says, `No, but my sister has ...'   Everyone.  Buy yourself one too
All the time....	It'll work...
What was her name?	Excuse me??
You're the memory guy?	How do you know about me
I haven't said anything against the the Catholic Church.	Catholicism is not on trial here. I want you to deal with Agnes without any religious prejudice or you turn this case over to someone else..
Can't they shut that off?	That's the Red Ball Alarm
What do you mean 'troughed?'	Troughed off. Protected. Like, you know, like he got a moat around it
Basquiat, don't lie.  This is smack.	You want some
If there's any chance --	Request removal, Mr. Grant
Hi!	Yes
Three guesses.	Well, he's in trouble and he didn't even get here yet
Fuck you! If you're such an expert on music, why don't you go get your dueling banjo and sit in on the next song?	I ain't never played a banjo in my life
Surgical.  Look at them separate the dye packs.  Dick and Ronny know their jobs.	The Ex-Presidents are the best I've seen, kid
It's not what you think, Jake.	No, but it don't matter anyway when you're lying there with your brains all over my carpet and I'm telling Sheriff Potter about this drifter, didn't have enough money to fix his car. And Darrell happened to find his gun, and through maybe this drifter heard old Jake got some money stashed away, and figgered he might try to break in and steal it
Hey, Luther told me he was carrying a wad, but I didn't figure this much.	Which way did he do, Eirie
Elizabeth. If it's true, travel into Germany would be banned. You'd never get near Ingolstadt.  Besides, they're only rumors.	And not a word of them to Father. He's agitated enough not hearing from Victor
Me? Oh, I don't have the time, I'm always running about with the lads ... no, we don't have the time.	Pity
Most of them invite me to sit in the cockpit...play with the levers and things. MAVERICK Well, get used to it.	Used to what
How long have I been on Gateway station?	Just a couple of days.  Do you feel up to a visitor
You are a fanatic. An anarchist. You know that? If we can't have a whole show, then I want half a show rather than no show. But oh, no, not you. You won't be satisfied unless you're putting the company at risk!	C'mon, what are you? And are you a businessman? Or are you a newsman?! Because that happens to be what Mike and I do for a living..
Yes.	A friend of mine - yeah, really - his mother was terribly sick and she was dying, would you believe it
Here you are, Maxie dear. One good burp and you'll be rid of that Miss Caswell...	The situation I'm in ain't the kind you can belch your way out. I made a promise..
Yes?	I'm Melanie Daniels. I'm sorry to bother you, but..
No really, it's a fable.  The 'guardian of good' dreams.  It was like my teddy bear when I was growing up.	Great, you wouldn't happen to know his phone number
Question withdrawn, you may step down.	You're implying th..
It's not safe.	We have to help him
What?	You gave me a 'D'
And she sure doesn't have one now, either. She needs to live.	I'm her legal guardian, not you or anybody else, and I alone know what's best for her. End of discussion
Yeah?	That doesn't bother you, does it
What does all this mean?	Have you ever heard the name Jim Swarthout
Hey, don't squish it, and after it's dead, flush it down the toilet, okay? And flush it a couple o' times.	Darling, darling, I've been killing spiders since I was thirty, okay
...Good.  So no more bad dreams can come around here, huh?	No more
Where's Fezzik?	I thought he was with you
Are--are you crying, Penelope?	She's crying because she's so happy
Gentlemen, tomorrow morning the Geneva Man is coming to inspect the camp whether we are living up to the International Convention. I am sure he will find we are treating you very well. You must not run around in your underwear. And take off the wash. The Kommandant wants all the barracks to be spic and also span.	We'll put pink ribbons on the bedbugs
You tricked me.	You need me
Un rata - no good.  But he could have run, fled the country.  Gone to the policia.  But then his wife, his children, his parents, his friends, many people would die.	Yes
James. Listen. Things -- things are a little weird with me right now and I -- well --I have enough blame to shoulder these days without having to take the blame if something bad happened to you. And if you hang around me long enough, something bad is going to happen, trust me. That's why I need you to go home. Understand?	I'm not going, with them
Why me, man?	He suspects that the culprits might be the very people who, uh, soiled your rug, and you're in a unique position to confirm or, uh, disconfirm that suspicion
Oh, Jesus. Look, at some point we have to find out because it's going to make a big difference.	Let me call Christine
Are you okay?	I am now.  Get me out of here.  Just get me out of here
Baron, we must have gone a hundred miles an hour, at least...	Yes, quite
What? Life's beautiful. Depression isn't permanent. Don't you believe that?  What is it – did your girlfriend leave you?	No! I have a boyfriend. He loves me
They didn't think he'd be so cagey, that's all.  They'll get him next time.	Use Salino.  It'll take a little longer, but there won't be any holes in it
Do you know what this place is, Ellie? Oh, I know you know it's a boneyard, but a bone ain't nothing and even a whole pile of 'em don't amount to much. Do you know what a graveyard really is?	Well...I guess not
It's possible the extra memory port is interfering with the engram processing. Mind if I keep him here and run some diagnostics?	No, I do not mind
Your manner.	My manner? Why don't you go downstairs, get a cup of coffee and calm down? What's the matter, Emmi? What's going on with you? What's wrong
Oh really.  Well what about the first Jesus and Mary Chain?	They always seemed..
Come, Lisaveta, he will be there -- he will be there.	Madam Grusinskaya's car
What is that?	Laser enhancement of the finger- tip .. it's really bothering me .. See these striations right here?  It's like she's always worrying the end of her finger? Rubbing it with a thumb nail, or something
There's no light! You told me there were supposed to be four beams of light.	Yes, of course, but... The Stones are shut! They have to be open for it to work
Of course.  Mister McMurphy.	After you, ma'am
Hey, guys.  Check it out-- I saw this dud on the tube last night. He is incredibly cool.	I saw him too.  He was silly and obnoxious
Well, if you wanna work in the post- office you'll have to stick out your tongue.	Look, I'm a very nervous man.  I gotta have a job where I come to work at eleven -- go to lunch at twelve -- and quit at one.  And twice a year I gotta have a six month vacation
We meant only to please you.	And do you think I'm not going to eat myself to death this very night? Huh
We're entering a Capillary. Remain in the middle.	The Wall's transparent..
Don't get too excited, Fuzzy.	Why can't we have pumpkins for Christmas, too? We don't get any good presents at Christmas, anyway
How've you been?  How's teaching?  I bet those science chicks really dig that big cranium of yours, huh?	I think they're more interested in my epididymis
Strange...strange...so baffling. The deceased comes to visit, stays only twenty minutes, and leaves all alone a very sick girl. And speaking plainly Mrs. MacNeil, as you say, it's not likely he would fall from a window. Besides that, a fall wouldn't do to his neck what we found except maybe a chance in a thousand. My hunch? My opinion? I believe he was killed by a very powerful man: point one. And the fracturing of the skull - point two - plus the various things I have mentioned, would make it very probable - probable, not certain - that the deceased was killed and then pushed from your daughter's window. But no-one was here except your daughter. So how could this be? It could be one way: if someone came calling between the time Miss Spencer left and the time you returned. The servants, they have visitors?	No. Not at all
You can have both if you want.	No, you keep one
Talk so I can understand.	If I don't adjust the level of neural information each side of his brain is receiving, he won't be able to walk when I take him out of VR
Just trying to be helpful.	Well, Mary, you're about as helpful as a broken sewer pipe. You do know what runs out of a sewer pipe, don't you
It's too soon for him.	Can we talk about this in private
Yes, uh, very impressive.	Please, feel free to inspect them
Did you get a room?	No. Now I know it's pretty late and if you'd rather -
Morning.	<i>Morning.</i
That's a real <u>fault</u>, I...	Grace.  Get Mr. White a manual typewriter.  It's not a lie, it's a gift for fiction. And somebody find me my lucky pillow
Fisher, let him talk.	But one of those guys -- not one of them -- knew her at all.  Each one was convinced that she was perfect for them, but they didn't see her.  And she never showed up so they couldn't see her. It's a very symbolic thing happening. She becomes what she thinks they wanted to be
It's fine, but --	-- do you think you'll ask her out
That's because he is. Does that upset you?	No. Why should it
The public loves you Jack...You don't mind if I call you Jack, do you?	By all means
You say a fortune. He never spoke to me of any rich relatives.	He hardly knew of them him- self.  I believe it was his uncle in Australia
I don't think you're giving him enough credit. I know sometimes he doesn't think an idea through. He gets too excited. But --	As far as I can tell he hasn't thought his life through. He'd be fine cutting my grass or parking my car. But business?  You I can work with. You I could groom. Dignan's not going to make it
Yah, this guy's smaller than his buddy.	Oh, yah
I waited... I would have fucking waited...	That's not what it's about, Brian. The point is there was a kid in there. And what if there'd been two? I went in because that's what I do. It's my way. It's dad's way. It isn't everybody's way
Marie, just --  -- just stay there! -- just --	-- he's got my picture! -- this is yesterday! -- this is me! --  -- where did you get my picture? -
Hi, Charlie.	Because that would mean they gave you mine
Oh -- I almost forgot.  Your head.	It does not come off as easily as the young ones
I wonder where they're going.	Same place we are
A few days, ma'am.	Why was I not told earlier
Most New Yorkers never notice it - most Americans have never heard of it.	Look how gracefully they conceived that arch.  Like a bowstring.  It was built from both ends.  With no support in the middle.  Beautiful
You quit drinking?	I'm pregnant
As much as I want. When these plants bud I'll probably have about six thousand dollars worth of weed.	Six thousand dollars? Come on, Bob
What? This?	-- OK
Oh, will you come in please, gentlemen?	Is Mr. Deeds in
Mr. Lime - yes.	You remember me? Upstairs..
You give me your permission to kill Johnnie Farragut.	Santos... No... Please, Santos..
What for?	It's early
How's that 700 bucks coming?	I'm working on it
You mean she just found out?	Yes
You may if you can, Mr. Gittes.	Well, that little girlfriend, she was attractive in a cheap sort of way of course.  She's disappeared. Maybe they disappeared together somewhere
Sure did.  He was one of the trappers we rousted from the Haul Road.	Was there any trouble
Hey, don't take the car!	Well, how'll I get home
You've had some dizzy spells.  What about ringing and buzzing? Have you, uh, noticed any of that?	Yes, now-now that you mention it, uh, I-I-I have, uh, buzzing and also ringing.  Ringing and buzzing. Um, am I going deaf, or something
Vada?	The poem is really about attitude. It's about not giving up and...it's easy to be overwhelmed sometimes but...that's when we should...force ourselves to push on
Nothin'.  I was just foolin' around.	Don't do that to me
You're welcome. Rose.	Look, I know what you must be thinking! Poor little rich girl. What does she know about misery
What are you doing?	You promised to let me kiss you
I do pretty good, I think. I wish I was making more, doing a little bit better. I can,t get over a certain hump. I will...I will crack something soon I think and really do better...I'd like to diversify...but I'm doing great, I think, as a start.	So.....are you stroking it, yet, honey
What's your name!	Jim.  What's yours
Speedboat in the middle of the ocean...	How soon can we get up and running
What went off?	Four of Mr. Hartman's Deputy Sheriffs were rushed to the hospital -
He'll live.	You might have killed him
Where is she?	I don't know
Why you so damn anxious to let him in here...	He's so close.  Maybe our best chance to blow him away
Make it Bergdorf Goodman... and now everything is on its proper shelf, eh, Max? Done up in little ribbons. I could die right now and nobody'd be confused. How about you, Max?	How about me what
I've lost my napkin.  It was all elf-work and lace... I must have dropped it when you startled me so.	I'll go search for it
Hey little bear, aren't you going to join the others?	Um, my allergist told me not to engage in physically demanding activities where ragweed or spores might be present, sir
Mug sheets.	I remember what he looks like.  I can't forget
I ain't your partner, I'm your manager. I'm managing to get your money out of Mexico, into America, in your hands, and I'm managing to do all this under the nose of the cops. That makes me your manager, and managers get fifteen percent.	Managers get ten percent
I don't know. Perhaps he met somebody.	Obviously.  One ticket of passage to South America -- one letter, stamped but unsealed, addressed to you -
She's very nice, apparently.  Lives in Norfolk.  And very left-wing. You'll have to watch yourself there.	Ha ha..
Debi's house.	Kind of crept up on you, didn't it
Yes.	How're ya fixed for ammunition
Uh huh. So pee.	So pee? Here
Mother, I ...	My daughter lives right across the street from the Satan's Disciples' clubhouse, and I was so worried about her ... so, I went over and introduced myself. And they were the nicest people
Yeah.  There's still a lot I want to do.  It's not quite... the kids aren't really settled in yet. Even the dog has been terribly high-strung and whines a lot since we've been here.  Look, he hasn't even come in for his food today.	So you don't have anything concrete
Tried calling you a couple times.	Oh yeah
My Mom and Dad.	Very funny, smart ass
The Roman Empire... when a plot against the Emperor failed, the plotters were always given a chance to let their families keep their fortunes.	Yeah, but only the rich guys.  The little guys got knocked off.  If they got arrested and executed, all their estate went to the Emperor. If they just went home and killed themselves, up front, nothing happened
Then don't.	But my own kid bro
He's wanted in Japan.  They want him first.  Then we can have him.	What
You have more than one gynecologist?	Sure. You’ve got to play them against each other. Otherwise they think you’re easy
Haven't you noticed I didn't mention Michelle once today?	I didn't want to say anything
Francesca.	Francesca. Robert
...such a pleasant sound.	Mmm
Because we believed we could make an impact out here.  Self reliance and community through the disciplines of sailing.	I haven't forgotten
I just kept reading them over and over. I know when I finish this one-- and I've only got two chapters to go-- I'll just turn right to the front page and start reading it again.	I'm..
You are...	To get my life back.  To have some time for myself.  Some time for us
Raise your hand...where?	This is so embarrassing..
Bullshit.  What's out there isn't alien.  It's an animal.	Maybe so.  But I think we need to ask Jerry about it
He has imputed to me conduct unworthy a Senator--and I demand he be made to yield the floor--!	Mr. President--I did not say that Senator Paine was one of those Congressmen I saw. If the chair please, I will deny that Senator Paine *saw* Taylor or even knows him-
Well I guess this is it.	I won't be needing these anymore
This girl has a child?	We have a daughter
The knights of Galys approach the camp. It would be politic...	...to ride out and meet them
-- Thank you.	By the way, Monsieur, last night you evinced an interest in Signor Ugarte
Bang-bang ... you're dead.	You wish
My dear Francis, you do seem extremely uncomfortable.	I'm afraid I am, just a bit
I meant every word of it.	Did you know I died two weeks after you sent me that tape
Are you following me?	No... no... this is embarrassing. I was returning your pillowcase... and I saw you cross the street... and I sort of started following you. I just find you really intriguing. I don't know why
Let me put it to you this way... whether I'm here...or whether I'm not...I'm leaving an indelible mark on the world tomorrow night.	Where did you plant the C-4?
What's the terrain down there?	Well, line of sight is impossible due to dust.  Radar gives me noise. Sonar gives me noise.  Infrared -- noise.  Let's try ultraviolet.  There. Flat.  It's totally flat.  A plain
Don't do that, Radar! You make me nervous.	Sir
You're right, I don't understand. Explain it to me.  You were scared. Arlyn Page, that scared you. Well it should; that's death. So what did you do, you ran straight for it, death. Ligourin kills women.	No
How's that?	Down below, Harry said we would all have to die.  Since there was no evidence on that spacecraft that anybody knew time travel through a black hole was possible -- and we all knew -- then we would all have to die before we could tell anyone. Death was the only logical explanation.  But sitting here, we still know.  So how is that possible?  Unless we make ourselves forget
Hey, can you guys hear me?	Yeah, we hear you!  We're coming back
Why don't you be a good little boy and leave her alone?	Oh--I understand you were an important part of her education when she came to New York
Hell, Doc, I've been everything from a hoopla man with a two-bit carny show to a top mechanic and bull goose catskinner for every gypo loggin' operation in the Northwest till the Army taught me what my natural bent was.	Oh, what was that
You mean they'll replace you with someone who won't perform abortions.	Well, we can only guess about that, Edna. They *are* against the law
No, I can't go, but if it, if you weren't offended, it would be very good of you to allow us - every other cabin is crammed. This is as private as we'll get.	Well then - yes.  Of course
It's your mother isn't it? Pulling strings again.	What a BITCH
First rip-off, man! Supposed to be 225 bucks a week! You know what this sucker says?? $143.80!  Federal tax! State tax! Social Security tax!	That's so you're still getting some money when you hit 65
This came for you, sweetie.	Ah! It's from State! Oh my God
He can do it.	This one I have watched a long time.  All his life has he looked away ... to the horizon, to the sky, to the future.  Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.  Adventure, excitement ...  A Jedi craves not these things
But is she gonna be okay?	How the hell should I know
Some kind of circuitry...?	Very good, Doctor.  I've also detected structural elements, back references, a general movement from the simple to the complex -- all of which would seem to indicate instructions -- an enormously complicated set of instructions -- for building something
It was one thing her dad rejected you. But when she did you lost it.	You're wrong
Aye.  We're good as inside.	It's what we'll find there worries me
Why do you feel the need to explore this side of your personality?	What are you talking about
What?	I'll take you over, and I'll introduce you as an old army buddy of mine, and then I'll cut out. Because I got this other girl waiting for me out by the hatcheck, and I'll pay you five bucks
So! -- He's on your side, too.	Sure
—and that—	—and those and them
What is she doing?  Okay, 20%.	No.  We need the gig
Bud, your sister's a little older now and she's naturally going to start going out with boys.  ... In fact pretty soon--she's even going to get married and make someone a good little home-maker like your mother here.  That's IF she can learn to bake.	Oh, George ..
Maude, do you pray?	Pray? No.  I communicate
I just think actors talk too much. Does the world really want to hear your life story just because you've got a movie opening Friday?	Of course, the only problem with shying away from publicity these days is that it tends to attract more
Yes, it does.	You mean you have finished the whole investigation
Hmm.	She's been arrested
Yes!	You can stay in my room
I want to be the way I was before.	Good. I'll show you how, apey
Then move not, while my prayer's effect I take. Thus from my lips, by yours, my sin is purged.	Then have my lips the sin that they have took
Anything... anything missing or different.	I don't see anything
If you could fight anyone... one on one, whoever you wanted, who would you fight?	Anyone
What are they?	The recent past
You're evil.	Please, it's common knowledge. Her mother was a trollop
Kim's prints were all over it -- He admitted it was his gun, f'r godsake!	Your Honor, the witness' response was non-responsive... I ask you to strike it from the record...
Nope, not yet. Their fingerprints don't match up anywhere.	Interesting
Don't you know better than to talk to me with people around?	Oh, putting on the swell, eh
Uh, Mr. The Plague, uh, something weird's happening on the net.	As in what, you hapless techno-weenie
That's right...	...take <u>any</u> two people..
What?	Thinking there's someone who looks like you, walking around the street somewhere.  Wonder if I saw him I'd think it was you
Do you still...see each other?	Yes.  I'm going to see her tonight
Disinterest?	As if your mind's not all there
We'll come again.	Any time
Huh? Oh, no. This isn't Emily's. I just write in it.	I guess there's probably a story behind that
One. It's Ru'afo.	Can you beam him off
Well, we didn't have a camera...so she just wrote the date on the bag and said, &quot;This will be out wedding album, this will be a day we will never forget.&quot; We never did.	Do you have any pictures if her
I doubt it's my mind that interests her. I tell you Prof, she's a fiery lady.	Well, try not to get burned. You have a great mind, Jacob. Don't let anyone tempt you away from it
Pacifica, California.	From where
That's right.	Why are you doing this to me, Dave. Why are you talking this way to me? I don't understand.  Why are you doing this at all...
Is your papa West Indian?	No, my mama. She's from Grenada
All the men in place, sir.  Ready to fire.	Wait for my order -- what the blazes is that
I'm fine.	Congratulations on your...recent award
Why not?	I'm looking for potential
For more than forty years. So Madame told me.	And I have known the Lavals of Marseilles for more than thirty years
I'll pay you for your fare. I'll send you to Montana first class.	Ma'am, first class to Montana is a waste of good money. Now, am I being too polite here or when I say NO in Utah, does that mean YES in New York City
Dysfunctional --	That they tunnel, magically, through any obstacle, defying the practical laws of physics, in order to end up together -
Do you want to talk about it.	I opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me
But what about the past? Our past?	We never really shared one
How is she?	She's in a kind of shock. I see all the signs of a post-traumatic reaction with possible dissociative symptoms
Never try to outguess Margo.	Groom
Sombitch and I ain't never been to Beantown.	Man's rep travels
Yes sir.	So keep your head about you--the lot of you--understood
Maybe we can get outta this thing alive ... get 'em to drop the kidnapping charges ...	What do you mean?  You talkin' about coppin a plea
No, Jack, no, it's not... She likes me.	She gave you the old brusheroo, kiddo... Believe me -- this tart will never make it to your desert plate..
He's not a racehorse, Bud, he's a jumper.	How would I know? I once bet a horse. He went out at ten to one and came in at quarter to five
Yeah.	Fat. That's real fat
I have been sitting on a contract from Cleveland for six days because of you.	Fuck you, fuck Cleveland, and fuck your contracts -
And how long did I tell you you could stay?	Two or three nights
Shore thing -- next week sometime, and as soon as I git the day, I'll ride out and let you know 'bout it.	You gotta low-life job, mister sheriff
I know, sugar... But while the place was burnin'... Before Santos came out - I pitched some rocks at the second floor windows case anyone was upstairs sleepin'... Afterwards... When I met you, I always liked to think I mighta saved your life.	That's some big secret you been carryin', Sailor
They were Jews, they had to leave. They were right to leave.  I could not leave my country in her deepest misery. After all, I am a German.  I... I stayed in my homeland. Is that my sin in your eyes?	See, David? He can't answer the question. I'll ask it again, Wilhelm, and don't give me any more airy-fairy, intellectual bullshit
Unless what?	No, you draw no secrets from me, as you drew them from Jacqueline. You are not one of us yet. You're clever, Louis, but I recognize your interest in me for what it is worth. You are only curious. You have never loved a woman who had but one arm
Fuckin, Zookerman --	THERE ARE MONSTERS! IN THE GELATIN! THERE ARE MONSTERS! IN THE GELATIN
Jack, these are quite good! Really, they are.	Well, they didn't think too much of 'em in Paree
Stop calling me Mother!	All right, Grandma
Well, yes, I would if, uh, if it would mean anything to you.  I don't know why it would.	No, the reason I ask is-
That's it?  That's it? That's it?	And the check's in the mall
How you doing, Kelly?	I'm Neo-Senephrened out.  Think I'm catching a cold
I'm a what?	All them people shoutin' your name like they were doing tonight! Shit! That arm you got'll get'chu on a box of cereal..
She's forgiven you of all these things... You love her... Don't be afraid, Sailor.	But I'm wild at heart
Mr. Liebkind, wait.  You don't understand.	"Vhy do you persecute me?  My papers are in order.  I love my country.  ""Oh, beautiful for spacious skies, For amber vaves of grain."
Ivory.	Looks old
What is it, honey?	It's that darn ghost again!  I don't know what to do anymore.  He just won't leave us alone.  I guess we'll just have to move
We make spears. A hundred spears. Fourteen feet long.	Fourteen? -
Uh-huh.	...that way we have someplace to go when we cut.  And I just sit here, I nod my head and look nerdy
Doesn't matter.	Hemingway.  You
Just find the girl.	I'll look into it as soon as I check out some avocado groves
Naw, man, it ain't white boy day.	Shit, man, you done fucked up again. Next time you bogart your way into a nigger's crib, an' get all his face, make sure you do it on white boy day
How many do you see?	What?!  Fuck off.  Save yourself
Take your time.  Don't worry about the elves.  They won't come out here.	Why not
How do you know?	Just look at him.  Little silver thingies on his cowboy boots? Honey, I don't think so
A Plague o' both your houses.	NO! Mercutio
Stop asking everyone.	Just him and that's it. Okay, you can answer -- we've worked it out
I quit.	You quit
You see, Karl, growing up, only knew that sex was wrong and that people who did it should be killed for it. He couldn't really read but, well, neither could his mother. But, his father made sure that his mother knew what the Bible said. And she made sure Karl knew. You know he slept in a hole in the ground under a toolshed, right?	I knew he slept in a toolshed
<u>Why you</u>?	Honestly?  I think he has a crush on me
Fine.  You?	Oh, fine
Where did you mail them?	I'll show you
The name on the second floor rear mailbox reads Mr. And Mrs. Lars, that's L-A-R-S, Lars Thorwald.	What's the apartment house number
When the plane was hit, the crew chief and the radioman jumped close together. The copilot jumped third. All on Captain Worthington's orders-- the captain was still flying the plane. None of the men of the ground could see the sky--that's how thick the jungle was. They never saw the plane crash--they never *heard* it crash. They never saw Captain Worthington's parachute, either.	Why was he missing for twenty days
Back in the '80's. You didn't see the pictures? They were from before she got famous. She was hairy as hell. Her pits, her bush.	Hairy women are kind of sexy. Women in their natural state
I'm so sorry.  Krieger was my call.  I've never worked with him.  I'm sorry, Ethan.	We did what we had to do
Just so you don't overdo it. You don't want to die of sleep deprivation before you finish.	If you don't sleep, you don't dream. If you don't dream, you don't have nightmares
I've talked nonsense. I've scoffed and hooted -- but somewhere very deep down in me, I always felt that good held the balance of power.	You're even sentimental about it. What made you change your mind
Empire.	Blasphemy
Is your father still in there?	He's waiting for you
Shirelles.	You know that song
You're my daughter. I won't have you acting like a tramp!	You're my father
Yeah.  Ah, I don't want to panic you or anything, but, I mean, the way Hobbes designed them, they're supposed to get out of hand real quick, so you don't have much time to think about what's happening to you. Once they decide to start pumping all those dynamite juices into the old blood stream... I dunno. But if you see some people doing kind of compulsive, maybe even bizarre sexual things...	Yeah? What do I do then
You sent that?	Uh-huh. I was worried about you
This was all for your sake, wasn't it? Having me here?  Trying to get me to like you.	I never tried to get you to like me.  I tried to get you to love me
Yeah.	I like you, you know
Someone died here. It's tapu.	But we came down this way didn't we? I'm sure we did
Well, if you will excuse me.  Madame. What a pleasure.	The commissioner is going round the Cafe..
Are you okay?	No, I don't think so... I was having a nightmare. Wait a second..
Louis, look at me.	I can't. Go away from me
Two stiffs and a missing kid followed your visit to one of the London hotels. He didn’t need your confession...	You’re sure he said his caller was a man
Does it make you... hard?	... Hard
I just thought ... It's beautiful.	Thanks
You know how I feel about Texas... We're not going that way.	I know, Louise, but we're running for our lives!  Don't you think you could make an exception just this once?!  I mean, look at the map. The only thing between Oklahoma and Mexico is Texas
Let's all go! Road trip!	Wait -- Cecil has a condo in Tahoe. Let's go there
Miles Massey.	Of Massey Myerson
Sir, I'm sorry about what happened, I...	It was nothing
Will you?	Let me think about it, O.K.
-- do you wanna cup?	That's great, thank you
God, are you always this prosaic?  You don't learn jazz, it's not something you're <u>taught.</u> It's like breathing, like life.  Like us, tonight, taking what comes and going with the flow.	That what we're doing?  Flowing
Time taken its toll on the old girl, eh?	Exactly.  She's in a surprisingly terrible state.  Isn't she, Bean
You think anyone who's proud of the work we do is an ass kisser.	No.  I think anyone who puckers their lips and presses it against his boss' buttocks and then smooches is an ass kisser
She'll come draggin' her tail back home.	She'll not be back. I reckon I'd be safe in promisin' you that
Well the police are going to want to speak to you. You know that.	Oh Christ
Ahhh...A little high on the left, don't you think?	Right
Say, 'Nigger.'	Nigger
What's wrong?	Nothing
Briefly.	Don't pout, Sidney. I invited him here hoping he might shed some light on your story. He's from 'Lloyd's of London.'  ...Aren't you, Mr. Bond
Big Dave--	I'd understand if you'd walked in here. Socked me in the nose. Whatever. I deserved it
Nice!  Nice little balance to it.	Ja, ja
You got a minute?	It's really not a good idea for me to be seen with you
There is.	Even your play
Hot.  Hot.	Come in then
The job's okay.	"Do I take ""okay"" to mean you feel good about working there"
Nothing.	I mean if you didn't know who I was
Now on that morning, did there come a time, Nicole, when you left your parents' house?	Yes
What are we going to do?	This is government business now. You ought to go home and get some rest, Father
Yes.	Then you go into the foyer
What's that?	I'm gonna be putting makeup on some of these people very soon
You started out to be a successful newspaper woman, didn't you?	Yeah, then what
What's ailing that dog?	I dunno
Later. Let's go...	Grissom, your message acknowledged. Will advise... Out
You're a fighter?	How you know that
Jesus!	It's a picture of a cancer-ridden lung. Keep it
... sorry...	First things first.  You might want to watch this, Mr. Welles..
Let's keep it to business, shall we?	...why have they stuck you on this silly little roust
I will never understand it, Mickey. You didn't even call the police.	I told you, the family doesn't want the police around.  We want to take care of it ourselves and we will. I'll find him.  I swear I will
Nice work, Norman.	Whatever I can do to help
Never? Please don't tell me never.  Ben says you've found some wonderful sources.	Some Justice Department lawyers and an FBI man, and some people from the Committee to Re-Elect, yes ma'am
Bryce, the only man for this job is sitting right here in town.  Get me L. B. Jefferies.	Jefferies
Hey... Is Betty still trying to find that soap opera guy?	Oh, yeah... Man, I'd love to find that actor just to see the look on her face, watch her bubble burst in mid-air
Your legs don't look broke.	Look, big head, I'll be at your car
Well...	You wanna ride in my truck
I don't give a damn about his girl...	Look, give me a break, you're going to have to settle for her place.  It's the only thing I know
Sweet? God, he's gorgeous.	James is very sweet and very gorgeous
--Gerry--	--And here I am for the second week in a row with my professional reputation at stake-
Right, Mr. Arkady. And that's not the half of it. I got your money, and I go into this little grocery store in this hicktown to get something to eat and then... well, it gets <u>robbed</u>!	...And let me guess.  This robber -- he gets your money
Ask them to sit down.	You may resume your work, gentlemen.  I didn't know your plans and so I was unable to make any preparations
Which language?	How should I know
Then I hope you wouldn't tell anyone that I gave you this.	I wouldn't tell anyone anything that happened between me and somebody who was my friend
Yeah, I guess so.	Like I was sayin' you don't look like no meaner than hell cold-blooded damn killer
OK, Gordon.	NO, IT'S OREGON, PORTLAND, OREGON. IT'S REGIONAL BUREAU CHIEF COLE. OUT IN PORTLAND OREGON. I NEED YOU OUT HERE, CHET
What?!	You better come see this
Well, it was genuinely bizarre... she said, hi -- it's Anna -- and then she said, call me at the Ritz -- and then gave herself a completely different name.	Which was
Yes.	How do you know he'd buy them
What a charming idea. May I see?	It's just a trifle, of course
You still need the rope? I thought you were one a those spacemen with ice in ya veins.	I'd rather be on the rope and not need it than need it and not have it. Now step aside, old man
Take her out, Mr. Saavik.	Aye, sir
Ah, Saavik, that's, ah, extroadinary. What would you, ah, like to do next?	Request permission to beam aboard immediately
Doctor Holmes went to get you some smelling salts. He was quite surprised that you fainted.	Well, I didn't want to say anything, but I thought the dead man was my brother
No, I didn't tell him.  And that's something we gotta get straight. Darryl's been callin', mad as a hornet, makin' all kinds of noise. When you talk to him, you cannot say anything about this.  You gotta make sure everything sounds normal.	I called the asshole at 4:00 in the morning and he wasn't even home.  I don't know what he's got to be mad about.  I'm the one who should be mad
You're pretty full of yourself, aren't you?	My cup runneth over, beauti-
All right. Who wasn't in the O.R.?	What difference can that make...? All right..
Hey!  Hey!  Stop this jeep!  Let me out of here - there's a woman dying, there's a woman dying while I'm - Hey!	Shut-up
You know what to do.	No! No! Don't
I don't want anyone to die.	Except for Small Eyes
Charles. Okay. Miller?	What
Come on.  Kids love horror.	And I...I've got other things happening
I mean, that would suck if you had to go back to rehab.	Yeah, it would suck big time. I'd kill myself first
Okay, okay.	Okay on the count of three
Excuse me, I'm looking for --	Holly Gennero
Wow. Hey, you look good. Like you, you know, head's in a good place, you know? You, are still doing your painting?	Sometimes, yeah. You know, I started to do performances
But on the way home, they miss their turn, go too far, into the past.	Our present
Don't you like her?	Well, of course I like her. She's a peach
Too Christian. You know Jameson? Paul Virilio?	The point is, the modern world is a Jewish disease
I mean, do you have something I could show my manager? I mean, do you have a reel?	Yes
Claire...	DJ!  It's okay. You're okay. Just breathe
You will do as I tell you. You will try to reach Ynyr, the old one.	I must follow the Slayers. They've taken Lyssa
I couldn't sleep.	I'm sorry to hear that
You are in the emergency room of the University of Pennsylvania Hospital. You were in a serious accident.  How's your vision?	Fine
We can't touch Hoover --	I thought the gloves were off
He got better.	I hate pronouncing people dead over the phone.  Better, huh? They're fixed and dilated. He's plant food
You're not far wrong.	Well, it's not going to work. So you'd better go
Who are you?	I am only a messenger. Do you accept? You will be paid well
What do you have to do to get ready?	Load a new tape, turn the camera on
Well. That was all took away, son, by the Police. New regulation about compensation for the victim.	What about Basil? Where's my snake
Must be a bitch getting around in that wheelchair. How long you been in it?	Since I got a iron pipe put across my knees, man. Fight with three wasi'cus, ya know
Yeah. Pretty sure.  Oh yeah ... he had a spear gun, too.	God damn, Flynne, you are one observant tweaker
If you want, I can fire you and have someone else who has the balls terminate these worthless people. Which will it be ?	We will start work on it now sir
What about Julia?	This is going to sound terrible, but... I don't think she matters anymore.  Not to him.  He never finished her.  The others...he was able to make them his
Keep it.	Can I call you
And that you're stupid?	Yes
I don't care.	Care, but just don't let it get to you. It gives them power
You must not act impetuously.	It is time to clarify the situation. Everything is over between us
With or without the rest of the fleet?	A diplomatic mission. We've been invited, believe it or not. Seems there's been some kind of internal political shakeup. The new Praetor, someone called Shinzon, has requested a Federation envoy
Jesus what the hell is that?	That's exactly what we need to find out. Check your orders, Sergeant. I out rank you where discovery is concerned. Now step aside. I have a medical emergency to deal with
Breathe deeply.	<u>OH GOD IT HURTS SO BAD</u>
I'd like to offer my congratulations. That was a beautiful gesture of Howard's.	Howard is a beautiful person
Will you calm down.	Yeah, you're making us all nervous
Oh.  sure -- if it would make a good scene.	You don't care.  do you?  But hundreds of thousands of people will care
Jesus Christ.	You'll be safe here.  He won't kill in a church
I'm supposed to meet the principal in half an hour.	I'll see you tonight
I knew when I was droppin' that letter into the mail slot it was gonna come back and smack me in the face.  I did my time, okay?  My sister, her ol' man's up in Chino right now doin' eight years.	This ain't your lot
Why?	I didn't build the fucking thing
You're looking at him.  We provide the plane, transportation cost, U.S. landing spot, and take it to wherever you want it to go.  You provide the pick up point in South America, and are responsible for payment.  You assume all the bust risks.  We take sixty-five percent of all transportation fees, ten percent of the gross, plus our expenses. This is not a negotiation, so if this is okay with you, we can talk further.  If not, we can forget we had this conversation.	Sounds fine.  I'll need to meet everybody
Okay. What if someone decided to cover their tracks by blaming Conklin and Bourne. What if Bourne didn't have anything to do with this?	Keep going..
We'll pretend it never happened.	So. What's it like having to fuck men you hate
Admiral, I am receiving whale songs.	On speakers
No... It depends... Sometimes they are... What, exactly do you want to know?	... Everything
Hildy!	Don't touch me! I'm not doing it for you
That's my ex. He's an asshole. In case you couldn't tell. I think he's been following me.	There's a lot of that going around
No. I'm a doctor. I know death when I see it, and Church was dead. He smells horrible and he uses his claws, but he's alive...and I feel like I'm going crazy. It was that place, wasn't it?	Ayuh. It was the rag-man told me about the place--Stanley Bouchard. Us kids just called him Stanny B. He was half Micmac himself
Upstairs. Getting cleaned up.	What the fuck are you doing
Anything I'd know?	Maybe. Recognize this
"Now what CAN you want with me, Erik the ""Viking""?"	I shouldn't have come
What's your first name today?	Brian
I'm no bodyguard.	That's not what I'm asking for. I want somebody who can find out what Philip saw in those damn cards. And stop it from happening
I tried, Arnie.  And, I will continue to try.	Have you gone crazy?  You are not Carl.  You aren't as good as Carl.  They are moving the trial to a high security location.  The press has gone berserk.  The jury will be influenced.  Stay out of things. Let us try to win the case
Are you going to leave me too?	Yes... of course... when you don't need me anymore
Yes.	You have another house somewhere or something
What would you do with it, the printshop...	Start back up the Waterford Sentinel. Town newspaper.  Show you the plans..
...this is a snappy song....	What'd ya think
Making love is like.	Sweet
Oh, don't bother. I got one.  So you're a Sicilian, huh?	Uh-huh
You were going to say something.	What was I trying to say? Oh, yes, I think, we think, or at least I suppose we think -- am I right
Well, if it's fun for you, it's all right. I get a kick out of my work when the customers aren't too crabby.	Is Mrs. Redi nice to work for
There's not much to tell.	Why did they leave
Maybe you should take this.	A fine idea
Yyyy... Yyye... yyyess.	Yes John
You just did, for Christ sake.	You know what I mean
Of course you do. Who was it?	I hate him for what he did to me
None of my relatives are Chinese Communists.  Speak for yourself.	Chinese maniacs and Russian maniacs and American maniacs and French maniacs and British maniacs have turned this lovely, moist, nourishing blue-green ball into a doomsday device.  Let a radar set and a computer mistake a hawk or a meteor for a missile, and that's the end of mankind
What was that?	Nothing
Shit, Bob. What the fuck did you do that for?	He wouldn't move
Why should I come hollering to you at all?	Because... because...  Listen Edie, don't get sore now— but I think we're getting in love with each other
That's me.	Right.  But everyone saw how small Isaac was and laughed... but not Big Billy.  He stared at Isaac carefully and then told him to join the game.  It came to the end of the game.  It was the eleventh or twelfth inning or whatever is the last inning of a game..
You're insane, Jeffrey.	"You ""develop"" viruses and you're calling me insane?  Typical.  What does this virus attack?  Don't tell me, you sick fuck, it doesn't matter.  Have I ever ""developed"" a virus?  Do I put helpless animals in cages and measure their reactions to electrical stimuli? Do I inject radioactive substances into living creatures and examine their bowel movements?  Wow!  And I'm crazy"
You know it's a trap.	Probably. But we can't win alone. We know that. This is the only way
...this shit...	It's too..
Yes.  Yes, of course it is.	Then you still love me
What attitude?	You lump them all together -- Anglo workers and Anglo bosses
I've got to get back.	Tanner
Anything special about the case?	When she..
You will go to palace there.	Hasn't the Pankot palace been deserted since the Mutiny of 1857
I could watch you play that last scene a thousand times and cry every time-	Performance number one thousand of this one - if I play it that long - will take place in a well-padded booby hatch..
That's too bad.	What do you know about the ear?. anything
Why not? You stink.	That shit gives me a rash all under my arms and around my stomach. I like my odor. It's fuckin' natural
Huh?	I mean, you handle some pretty rough traffic, huh
Captain, how soon can we land?	I can't tell
Yeah?..well what are you getting at? You saying he has an agenda down here?	Our agency monitors all threats very carefully, and there's good reason to believe Jim Trudell has the training, the connections, and the experience to present a clear threat to the public if he remains at large
Thanks.	But that was a dumb-ass pass to Toni. Ten seconds left, you run out the clock
Excuse me.  Mr. McQuire.	Ben
It's time for me... to be working for me. I want mine, Nick. And I need you.  Did you tell your manager there's gonna be a robbery?	No, Gabriel... no..
Who are they? Lieutenant, get those people away from there.	They are with me
"We have to be steady. ""These things too will pass"". What you looking for? A miracle?"	No. I'm looking for what I was put here to look for: the back door
But how can it change every time?	It's the game's logic core.  We actually patterned it after human brainwaves.  I mean, there's a personality in there. That's what makes it so incredible
I don't know. Possibly.	Wait a minute, wait a minute. What's going on here? Did you come back here just to see her again
Thanks, Grandpa...	Lots more where he came from
I love you, Nick...	Ash. Don't say it. Don't say my name
Now Phyllis, if you don't invite me, I'm coming anyway.	Don't be silly, Cyril. These are respectable people. They'd probably bore you to death
Who wants to know?  Zeus!	I'm a bowler
It's true.	What's happened to you
What's going on, Cynthia?	They've closed the set. They sent everybody home
I don't know what he was thinking.	Oh, for God's sake, what has this guy got, a horse fetish
You know what you look like?	No, Richie, what do I look like
Will the Senator yield?	Order!  Will Senator Smith yield to--
Sure, they are students.	Well, I want them to put down a floor and a walkway
"No.  But he's going to be.  If he is in the park and he comes out safely on the other side, I can say to him, ""You and I are the only men with balls enough to walk through the park at midnight.""  On that we can build."	It's a jungle out there
Physician, heal thyself.	Good luck with no fuckin' head
She wants me to stay for dinner, I don't know what to say to her.	Okay, I saw this in a movie once. Open the dining room window and follow my lead. Say what I say
They took some bone from my hip and put it in my neck.  I didn't have insurance, so I'm about seventeen thousand in debt right now.	... couldn't take painkillers cause they made me too groggy to take care of my kids
If it springs a leak, it'll be because Buzz is making waves.	What if he wants to get out
Would you like to tuck him, though? In that car?	No. But when he's in that car..
Well, promise then.	What do you mean - now
What do you mean about caring?  Have you ever seen one of those places? Inside? Laughing and tears and cruel eyes studying you... and my mother there?  Why? has she harmed you? She's as harmless as... one of these stuffed birds.	I am sorry. I only felt... it seemed she was harming you. I meant..
You don't know he did it.	No, I know, thanks to your own testimony, that he was locked in a room with a girl who went in alive and came out in a rubber bag
No!	Everybody goes home
In any case, I don't suppose the salary you make sewing mailbags is really commensurate with international airline travel.	Sewing mailbags?  Me?  Never did an honest day's work in my life, dear. Wasn't about to start when I was in stir -- not with all that leisure time on my hands
I want to thank you, sir, for giving me the opportunity to work.	You're welcome, I'm sure you're doing a great job
This is pretty.	Uh-huh
We can't begin this way. Let me turn on the light.	But I thought vampires didn't like the light
I didn't mean to...	You try going through what we did. Bob couldn't take it, that's all. Christ, there's times when it still seems like I can't either
I'm a whiskey man myself. We don't have much trouble from drugs where I come from...	You will. One of these nights you'll wake up and find a junkie tearing your bedroom apart
Sez you!	Suck my dick
Well--uh--yes and no.	To me he seems rather nervous
My advice to you?  Don't die.	Feeling the pressure
Did you get her number?	No
Yeah, but you know what's his best film and nobody's even seen it?	The Conformist
Jeffrey.	Maude
You guys trying to cure the headache by cutting off the head. 'Lias didn't ask you to fight his battles and if there's a Heaven - and god, I hope so - I know he's sitting up there drunk as a fuckin' monkey and smokin' shit cause HIS PAINS HE DONE LEFT DOWN HERE. Baaaaaaaaa!	You're wrong man! Any way you cut it Rhah, Barnes is a murderer
Can!	Can't!  Can't!  Can't
Then let's talk about something else...	No... no, I'm tired of talking, I've been talking for weeks, nobody believes me when I tell them anything... nobody listens to me
Yeah.	Well, that's interesting.  Wh-what kind of stuff
Big time. Absolutely fucking radge. 'It's me or Iggy Pop, time to decide.'	So what's it going to be
Gosh, I could kill you, but then you'd miss my party. And you, Batman -- you're the guest of honor!	What are you talking about
That's okay.	What's okay
"It's the car she drove in ""Eternity Forever""."	I know.  Thank her for me
Dino Velvet... yeah, he's like the John Luc Godard of S+M flicks, supposed to be a real weirdo.	A weirdo making S+M films?  Who'd have thought it
Well then, perhaps you also ---	-- This is Mr. Laszlo
Name one.	God, KAREN JOHNSON
I'm aware of my responsibilities, Mister.	... Now entering the Neutral Zone..
Where the hell did you learn how to deal?	He bet like a fuckin' brain surgeon
They don't exactly have a search engine for finding a bunch of kids with bar- codes on their necks, which is something I'm not even going to ask about--	You were gonna run through the law enforcement databases for a match on identifying marks
I'm stayin' right here by the phone until you find Lula, then I'm comin' to get her. You call soon's you got somethin', even if it's three in the a.m.	I will, Marietta. Goodbye now
You look all right. You want to pick it up a little?	OK
Don't.	Why
That's coming along well!	I'm the Matron's favourite patient and she's shown me her special stitch
Meaning what?	You don't shoot squirrels
How do you like your coffee? Black?	Black, black..
Was there never ambition?	Maybe, once
Tell me, why is it when men play they always play at killing each other...? I'm sorry about Cortina by the way.	What about Cortina
I don't know anybody.	Well, I guess we drop him off at the hospital. Since he don't know nothin' about us, I say it's his decision
It was that place. That creepy cemetery up in the woods. Whatever disease the kids in this town have got, I don't want Ellie to catch it.	Jesus, Rachel, what's got into you
Acetylene? Mig? Tig?	Any of it. If it can be welded I can weld it
She says the standard of your work is slipping. At this rate she doesn't think you'll get School Certificate.	Who cares
Got one ready, sir.  Subway.  State and Balbo.	We're on our way -
Sure, plenty, but not in no wreck like this.	If we broke down maybe somebody'd give us a han'
No.  Not true...	C'est la vie... We're lucky in lots of ways, but... Surely it's worth a brownie
The sort of questions you should be asking yourself.	Like what
Alright. How about the Master of Disaster, huh?	You're hopeless, man, utterly hopeless
Listen, Jake. I gotta go.	What the hell? What kind of mumbo jumbo ... 
I wanted to thank you for covering for me. You're a real pal.	It's nothing.  I just think us girls should stick together
Passable, pimple, very passable.	The greatest boon of your otherwise worthless life, blockhead, is the privilege of dining on boar roasted by the hand of Ergo the Magnificent
Alright, it's done.	You see the bullet
Hi.	) Thought I needed a little change.  You like it
He drank as much whisky as you did.	Maybe he knows how to drink
You bet I did.	Congratulations
You'd better coast through...	...town
"What is it you want? Respect? I have respect for you, just for making this call. One philosopher said ""Sadness is a sin against the richness of the world."" Think about it. Feel it."	You don't even know me. I want real respect
"I'm only allowed ""G"" movies."	"Am I the only one who cares about this? At least I watched ""Dog Day Afternoon!"
In the bedroom. Crying her eyes out because of you.	What
I was scared to death last night when I thought they were going to kill you.	No... they won't kill me
That smart?!	But then I figured it out: they did it 'cause they figured young Norville for an imbecile. Like some othuh people ah know
No dates indicated, placed on the shelves in no discernible order.  It's just his mind poured out on paper.  I don't think it's going to give us any specifics.	Looking around... I've got a bad feeling these murders are his life's work
How about Bari?	Yes. Tell me about the day you got off the train
Oh--I understand you were an important part of her education when she came to New York.	I just tried to show her the difference between the squirrels and the skunks
He killed her.	What
Look, I don't want a --	"It's not ""love me.""  It's not ""trust my handshake.""  It's make the sale. Get it signed.  There shouldn't be ""confusion"" about that"
How'd you know I'd do it.	Do what
You're the first person to ever call me tough.	Like recognizes like.  I'm pretty tough, myself
Hey, you gonna tell anybody about this?	Not if you make it worth my while. How about free boonies for the duration
Which I told Barnes was attacking --	It's his fear.  The squid.  He's manifesting his fears.  Making them real
That would be me.	What'd you do, piss your pants
Ah! You have questions?	What are we
I want to know.	Why does anyone want to be in movies
What should I do?	Just take his order, look him in the eye and if he says anything remotely funny, laugh a lot
I can’t stay here.	You’re not going to
You don't mind if I go instead, do you?	No..
How much?	Close to two million.  But this sucker can go all the way to Devon and the nationals
What if I brought you, let's say, fifty thousand dollars?  Would that eliminate some of your concerns?	Amigo, you bring me fifty-thousand dollars, and I have no more concerns
What's the matter, George?	What's the matter?  We're moving three hundred fucking kilos and we're making dogshit
This is all Firefly's fault -- that idiot, that fool...	I thought everything was working out fine
It's a surprise, you see.	Mmmmmm.  'Course, you could get yourself a boat, cut right across the bay with it. The Brenners got a little dock there you could tie up at. If that's what you wanted to do
San Agamat chay bet... envolet!	The case was stolen
Where'd you get that limp?	Nothing. Just twisted my ankle
Which one?	Another unknown. Not on the charts. A red dwarf
No.	Especially this last year
Get up.	Come here, come here
So Eddie, don't we need a sound crew?	No, this is just the second unit. We'll do the main footage later
Why?  You going to give me hard time like the others?	No.  I'm just being friendly
That wasn't bullshit, I said we love each other.	Yeah!... Anyway, I don't like hotels. Too much people, everyone's got the key... I don't like it
Do you want to be questioned about you and Mr. Jimmy?  Please, Clayton.  It will be better if I find the body alone.	But how're you going to explain this?  How did you get him out of the pool
ON THE NOSE?	GOT 'EM. GOT GOOD TONE
Wait a minute. Wait. Whatiya want? For cryin' out loud!	Just get outta my bed
Logging? We'll need an environmental impact study for that...	I don't think you're getting in the spirit of things, Janet. We'll buy whatever studies we need -
You called the doctor, huh?	Well, no, Roy. Your mother found you
It frightens me.	Silly, there's nothing in there to be afraid of
Double down, baby. You gotta double down on an eleven.	I know, but..
What exactly did you want to discuss, Pat?	You.  What' you're doing -
Do we have a replacement Beryllium sphere onboard?	Computer, do we have a replacement Beryllium sphere onboard
She asked me to come over.  She said she had something to tell me.	About what
Okay. Now we're going to buy you some clothes.	Honest
Will that help?	Yeah
What are you going to do about your brother?	You're here
What?	Can you live with it
I found a lid. It was laying on the ground over there.	Put that down. It's dirty
Too bad we're stuck in electronics or...	Never mind with the too bad shit. I got a crazy plan, but only the craziest among us can pull it off
Be careful.	Thanks
She cares for you and she needs your help, Chauncey... there's much to be looked after...	Yes. I would like to do that
Worked like a charm.	Jesus
Do I know Hans Hinkel?	That's what I asked
Great.	Details, Pokrif. From what I saw he had an incredible body
What is it?	See that spot
NO. I SAY KNOCK-KNOCK! You say who's there. I say who's there and then you say who who. You're not playing right.  Knock-knock.	Who's there
How about some ammo?	It's loaded... I got some shells in here
Oh, you-you have that one?	Yeah
Does that mean...?	We haven't slept in the same bed for years
Yes.	Was looking at Furtwängler like that
The Cubs. When they're flying on muscle there's no way to catch up. Without the dazzle, they'd just go past us --  -- too fast	Muscle? I don't know that one
Me? Why, look here, Mary Stone -- I'm worried about you, that's all.	Worried about me! Well, you just stop it
"Who'd have thought it?  Danny ""Chickenshit"" Flynne trying to go large right under our noses."	Lay off, Garcetti.  I'm not in the mood
You look awful.	So do you...been a long day
What's it called?	"""Mr. Lovejoy"""
If ya was wantin' my help, why didn't ya ask? Just ask.	I asked, but ya never helped nothin'! -- Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance
Dark Town. Land of nightmares. I'm Bull.	Stu Miley
No, no, no... you don't know shit about procedure! You don't send your best...	I've got the working gun, Elden, me! You wasted all your bullets so you crawl out there
What the hell are you talking about --	I'm talking about West! We had him, Bill, we were there. You're the fucking Base Commander, you knew what he did to Cadets and you let him go on the way he always he has -
Nothing.	It's got to be
If it will make you feel any better, I don't have a gun.	You don't
I'm surprised he bothered with it.	He was afraid I was going to poison somebody. Your father tried to do good for people-
I know you've been trying to kill me.	Of course.  We had to try.  We didn't know what was wrong.  We didn't know you were in trouble
I didn't realize I was out.	Oh, maybe not out -- but definitely looking for you coat.  I understand you've had some difficulty locating the -- what are you calling it?  The 'primer' that will make decryption possible...  I've found it
You just missed them.	How's the girl
They got a whole system they call 'dream skills'. So, if you have a nightmare, for instance like falling, right?	Yeah
Pino, I think secretly that you wish you were Black.  That's what I think.  Vito, what do you say?	Y'know, I've been listening and reading 'bout Farrakhan, ya didn't know that, did you
He can't get to the door... I think he's going to try and take him himself.	He couldn't be that dumb.  The guy's a trained killer.  Bud's idea of a fight is arm-wrestling One Night over laundry duty
You know how to box?	Uh-huh. Why
Who's the hell is that?	Three guesses
You.	Each circumstance requires a different tactic
But it's not his. How can they arrest Future Man?	They said he's a drug dealer
Cor... look at that, would ya.	They're a bloody sight warmer than we are
The key!	Where is it? What did you do with it
No, I just promised myself I'd give it a try. I gotta get out there sooner or later.	Go for it, man
This is madness!	It is the truth
Where are you going?	Back to Heaven on Earth.  I need my damn passport back.  I'm going home
Huh. You know, Rick, watching you just now with the Deutsches Bank, one would think you'd been doing this all your life.	Well, what makes you think I haven't
What'd he say?	Pow
Your help?  What are you talking about?	Scotland Yard, Interpol, every Dutch authority.  I can make them go away
Pilots, sir. We don't have enough people to get them in the air.	Then find them
Are you talking to me!	Yeah. Come on—we're stopping here for the night
Oh, this is Betty.	Nice to meet you, Betty
Elaine, what happened to us?	Ted, I loved you and I'll always love you. But I need Simon.  He's stable.  He's a good provider.  I want that at this stage of the game, Ted.  He might have his faults, but Simon doesn't know the meaning of the word fear and I need that in a man
Which is shit.	No matter. He'll have to know how close we came
Disclose the information.	Not until V'ger withdraws the devices orbiting the third planet
Apprentices.	This is Clive Fenelon-Barnes
Yo, check it.  This is good and all that but one day soon I want to have much Benjamins so I can have a nice crib and pay all my bills. You hear me.	Chill, I'm the brains behind this outfit
Junior.	Junior who
Actually. If you knew the exact route, you could plant explosives under a manhole cover and blow it up as it went over.	Yeah, but you wouldn't have the truck if you blew it up
Brady!	Get up there Rachel
No no! He never calls the cops, not after we give him the blow-off.	Yeah? How
Well, specifically, Mrs. MacNeil, she advised me to keep my fingers away from her goddam cunt.	She used those words
Where you going?	I don't know, but we can't stay here
You implied it.	Look, I didn't mean to give you a hard time
Sorry to trouble you, Coco.	It's all right gorgeous. Something wrong
I'm a good mother!	"You mean, ""Consuela"" is a good mother."
He's a <u>bum</u>.	"No he's not!  Do you realize how much money he made for this studio over the years?  ""Dracula""!  ""The Raven""! ""The Black Cat"""
You want me to uninvite her?	No, no of course not.  How old is she? Twenty-fucking-two
But even then, we wouldn't get everything.  I mean some missiles would abort, or they'd miss their targets, or maybe the enemy have some secret bases we don't know about.	You're absolutely right.  You forgot to mention their nuclear subs.  But it wouldn't matter. Sure we wouldn't get off without getting our hair mussed, but we'd prevail.  I don't think we'd lose more than fifty million people, tops
No.	And it better bloody not be. Once he is firmly in place, he gets the rest of us in. We'll get nasty with a couple of them, shit 'em up, scare and gag 'em. I can't see these wankers giving us a problem, but they might have a couple of tools hanging around like any cowboy. When the job is done we'll come straight back here. It's dark by then, unload and Robert's your father's brother. Everybody savvy
My friend, I am not sure about what is going on -- but for me, I am finished.	Not quite -- you are in it whether you like it or not.  The police know you brought the car into the country.  This makes you an accomplice
Didn't get much sleep.	Well, we've got -
Good idea, O Lord!	Course it's a good idea
Yes, Mikey?	I was looking through Scooby's SATs practice books this afternoon and I took one of the practice tests. Guess what score I got
Murder one!  God, Louise, can't we even say it was self-defense?	But it wasn't!  We got away!  We were walkin' away
Easy.  Tell me about the ruckus.	I came home that night and there was blood on the floor.  Susan said Stams -- Stens had cut himself.  They were acting nervous.  And that Stens kept going under the house
What did the six-toes have to say?	Sarah Williams left the bar with Trudell on her own
No.	In fact, you've just taken an oath that you would not commit perjury. You've just sworn to that. Isn't that right
Urdu and Hindi.	Yeah, what a woman
90 over 50 and falling... .	He's crashing..
I have to say you look terrible. What's the trouble?	You've heard the rumours they're going to resettle us in the East
A fellow with five fingers.	...standard issue..
Please... kill...	Oh God..
You know each other?	Yes
What do you know about classical music?	Nothing.. Selling is selling
You're an asshole, Moran.	I want Taupin
Don't you dare talk back to me!  It's bad enough that you've wasted your time with this absurd acting business.  But you deliberately deceived me!  Who put this in your head? How did you expect to get away with it? Answer me!	Nobody-  I thought I'd surprise you. I've got all As and
Twenty months?	Twenty fucking YEARS, man - YEARS! I figger ten at the least
Did he say where?	Actually, yeah-
I don't wanna write about no spic.	No, it's perfect! When in doubt, put on a cape! False noses and faux beards and flowing capes have been the life-blood of the actor's craft since the days of lrving and Booth.  Imagine me in a glittering suit of lights on the dusky Andalusian plains-
"Like ""three thousand a ki?""  That's nice. And I can supply the transportation into South Florida and the Gulf, more reliable and on-time than FedEx.  But, three per ki was OK for openers."	And why should continuing excellence cost more
Maybe I'll bring him some food by.	Thank you for walking him
What happened? That needle sank like a rock.	She's entering deep sleep now. Heart rate's a little high due to anxiety, but otherwise she's nicely relaxed. All normal. She could dream at any time now.  Right now she's like a diver on the bottom of an ocean no one's mapped yet. Waiting to see what shows up
And you... are you not also afraid?	I am afraid of nothing
Where did we put that wheelbarrow the Albino had?	Over the Albino, I think
Lookit, don't worry about it.  It's not a New Concept. Wake me when we touch down, will...	We can't <u>afford</u> a war
"No mo' ""city slickers.""  Ahh, can't you smell the sweet aroma of the ripe watermelons and high cotton?"	Tell 'em what you mean Mistuh Mantan
And Jack wants to trade the missiles in Turkey.	The Jupiters are obsolete. They were supposed to have been dismantled last summer anyway -
Did she have someone with her?	Right. She had a friend with her. The friend took off
What's that?	Bench seats
More like deployed in bed asleep.	I don't sleep... Theo asked me to pick up his check
Somewhere in here I was born... and here I died and it was only a moment for you... you took no notice...	Madeleine
Yeah.	And..
Nothin'.  Just stiffed those kids. Don't want'em comin' back and findin' you...start asking you questions.	How much
Why are you?	I like it when they wake up
Here's a press kit.  I'll let you guys get comfortable and once we're airborne I'll be able to schedule the interviews.	Thank you
Tomcats?	Yes sir
Hit your jets, sir !	I can't My legs are gone... Get on the boat..
Don't you stags move or I'll kill the lot of ya.	Who are you going to kill Plank? There's no one there
My father had farm land.  It was the only thing we owned of any value.	And it now belongs to you, according to Baltus.  I heard him say it
Hi.	Hi
She's out of her tree, Nick. She is straight out of her tree.	Oh, Jesus
Listen, it sure didn't like this flamethrower.	That's right -- we can't kill it on the ship, but we can at least keep it at bay -- and maybe drive it into the air lock
Damn, Clarice, how'd you make me?	Never cock. Just squeeze
Marcus!  I did it!	You've got it
They were pretty clear they didn't want this coming back on them.	Well, that's all I can do.  Sorry
What taxi driver?	That taxi driver. The one that's been sitting here
He's not!  He's not!	Who's not
You assumed a brother coming in here can only afford five-hundred dollars a roll, is that right?  Are you a racist?	No, sir
As little as possible.	The District Attorney gives his men advice like that
What about ten o'clock, is that too late?  I don't get off and then --	Oh sure yes, that's fine, late dinners are good.  Should I get dressed up or -- 
José...	Sonny Burnett...this is my partner, Rico
Don't you ever get bored around here?	Sometimes. The other day, though, an old boy was plowing in the field over there, found some old Spanish coins
I thought I was keeping someone from being hurt and actually I ended up making sure they were hurt.	Could you do anything about it
I told you I want that room unpacked.	Oh, come on Dad..
Well, I think it's charming, Rose.  But don't you think... ah, the skirt is a little tight?	Oh, no, that's the style. It's meant to be clinging
Then THEY hand me Sollozzo.	Come ON Sonny, your father wouldn't want to hear this.  This is not a personal thing, this is Business
Rule number one: Don't get involved with patients. Rule number two: Don't get involved with patient's daughters. You understand?	What about rule number three: Don't get involved with dispatchers named Love
-- A hot water bottle would be good if we had one.	Oh, he's been crying! Why have you been -
God! I've never seen anything like that in my whole life! Did you see that guy's nose?	Lynette, just keep your mouth shut until we get to the motel. Will you do that for me, please
I see.	Based in London, but with international concerns
Ugh!	Ohhh, I can't bear to watch
No. Nothing bad's going to happen. Anne'll be there. I'll be there. Nothing bad will happen.	I'm still scared
Even to the hat. Same old dreamer, too. One look at you and I can see him, back of his old roll top desk, hat and all, getting out his paper. Always kept his hat on his head so as to be ready to do battle. Clayton Smith, editor and publisher, and champion of lost causes.	Yeah, Dad always used to say the only causes worth fighting for were lost causes
The beaches are always being closed because of waste spills, right?  And surfers are territorial.  They stick mostly to certain breaks.  If we can get some hair samples, and get a match to a certain beach, we'd know which break the Ex-Presidents surf. You buyin' this?	No.  But let's do it, anyway.  It's gonna bug the shit out of Harp
Rescue One -- please be advised Ranger Walker is making advances toward my girlfriend that are liable to get his ass kicked right into space, over.	Copy.  Hal, tell Gabe he only makes advances <u>to me</u> or else he'll be walking down four thousand feet, and sleeping outside
Am I? Why, I - I don't know any reason why I should be, unless of course it's you . . .	Me
I just...well, I had this cousin in Delhi.  She was having problems, too. She, ah...	What
Ain't she goin' to take the boy?	She got herself a husband now. They don' want him 'round. And I tell you, man, I got no use for him neither
I wasn't hitting on your girl!	Stand up, Mister, or I'll beat you where you sit
No. I found it.	Llewelyn
Mmm, it tastes so good. Mr. Deeds, I don't know how I can ever thank you.	Tell me more about yourself
Three and a half hours?	I don't want to take any more chances
Anyway, the state is giving a hundred thousand dollars in his name to every school that has a Special Needs class.	Oh, this is fantastic. So all we have to do is kill this Moffit guy and we get all the money
It would be strange if you didn't feel that way.	What do you want me to do for you, Mr. Stephens
You got that?	No, I don't get that
That's absurd!	That possibility never occurred to you
Jack!	-- and its guns and crew will cut you and your men to pieces the moment you step outside these caves
-- It's because of the sex, isn't it? You don't like the sex in it.	I don't give a fuck about the sex. Most men'll fuck a lamppost. He's just a miserable zombie. Is that the way you feel now? Is that what's happened to you
And your father? Is he from New York?	Muncie, Indiana. He and my mother met as students. But I'm from Brooklyn. My sisters and I were all born and bred right here
Such as...?	My master requires the fort be destroyed.  But, for you and your comrades, there is no privilege that will be denied. None of your men will see the inside of a prison barge. They're free to go so long as they return to England and fight no more on this continent, and the civilian militia return to their farms
Didn't go anywhere else?  No errands, no purchases?  Just straight to the boat.  That's the truth.	Yes
Must have been some time ago. Maybe forty years?	Something like that, yes
Hello?	I know who he is
Where were you?	I was in the city
"Well, no - it's more like a ""found art object."""	And how do you think this addresses the subject of racism
I wish the game still had fights so I could bitch-slap Wayne.	This version doesn't have fighting
She isn't here.	When...when will she be back
She hit it, Mr. Kastle!	Four or five years when a girl like that's bowling on the pro tour for Team Kastle, she'll pay a handsome profit on my investment
Well, okay.  I'll take you about nine-thirty in the morning.  That's okay with you?	Great
Am I dying? Are all the angels of my life returning to bid a final farewell?  And have my angels completely lost their fashion sense -- ?	Hello, Otto ..
How?	By her own hand.  There are many such stories
Can't you understand me?	I understand you perfectly
You are not dead, boy.  Accept it.	This is monstrous.  I'll burn in hell for all eternity
And a beautiful woman, too--don't you think?	Yes. The most beautiful I think I ever--gee--  Say--we're *never* going to finish this thing! Now, here we go, Saunders. I'm going to talk faster'n you can write-
I'm always bad.	What did you do
Why the hell didn't you tell us this was at stake!	Chemco's been developing nerve gas
That sounds pathetic, doesn't it?	What are you doing home
I was going nuts in that waiting room so I came back to check on my mom.	How is she
The choices I made have led me here as well. This is the only home I have ever known. I cannot foresee a reason for leaving.	You never know what's over the horizon, Data. Before too long you'll be offered a command of your own
Don't you care about what's happened?	Course we care.  What good's the world locked in a season of death. Frozen up, no folks to scare out of their wits on a summer's night; no babies to tickle; no more spells to cast... Think that's an enjoyable prospect
You must be very careful as you cross the patio.  Madame may be watching.	How about my going up the kitchen stairs and undressing in the dark. Will that do it
Why? Am I some kind of freak to you or something?	No, no, I don't think that, I'm just curious about it...  Do you think I'm a freak
You were brilliant today.	It's only the beginning
Hello, sir. It's David.	David... Sorry I'm late
Where are we going?	It's a surprise.  You like surprises, don't you, White
How many?	I expect you to look out for me, Pup, let me run off work details
--That is a wild boast. You lack a knight's humility.	Not a boast, sir, but a curse.  Never have I met my match in joust or duel
That's Sidney Prescott's mother.	There's more
Oh, yes.  It just fascinates me how all    these things work.	I know exactly what you mean!  Hey, honey
God hell! I think I see the pattern! This one sounds like real trouble! You're going to need plenty of legal advice before this thing is over. As your attorney I must advise you that you'll need a very fast car with no top and after that, the cocaine. And then the tape recorder, for special music, and some Acapulco shirts...  This blows my weekend, because naturally I'll have to go with you -- and we'll have to arm ourselves.	Why not? If a thing's worth doing, it's worth doing right
You're the payoff expert.  I'm just doing my duty.	You're playing an angle, college boy.  You're getting something out of this so you don't have to hobnob with the fucking rank and file cops who'll hate your guts for snitching.  If they're making you a detective, watch out.  Some Bureau guys are gonna burn in this and you're gonna have to work with friends of theirs
Why didn't she put'em out?	Easier said than done.  We saved up to get away from them, but they followed us
Yes, I know that.	Don't let yourself down
Why?	That doesn't sound normal
You've been here for three minutes. What did you do to her?	You can turn that finger around
Four hundred and sixty, sir.	"""Attitude Adjustment Issues"" -- what the fuck is that supposed to mean"
That's impossible.	What if it's not..
Well, it doesn't matter anyhow-- because we're moving.	No!  You're not tearing me loose any more
I said I was sorry.	I can't move my patients around to accommodate one person
Not by a long shot.	Then leave it in the past. Old flames are like old tax returns.  You keep `em in the file cabinet for three years and then you cut `em loose
That's right.	This is where we're going
Try the emergency channels...	Enterprise to Reliant. Come in, Reliant
Well, Ruth shoulda built it a little better. Damn thing's falling to pieces. Gonna hurt somebody.	What do you expect? It's almost as old as we are
I usually don't either.	In that case, I permit you
Confusin' me with Johns now -- fear was <u>his</u> monkey. I only deal in life and death. All that stuff in between? Some shade of grey my eyes don't see.	<u>I trusted you</u>, Riddick. Goddamn, I trusted that some part of you wanted to rejoin the human race
The flu.	So she's got a few sniffles
Herpes?	Why you sonuvabitch..
If it wasn't for that comic strip of yours, I wouldn't be doing this. But a good chuckle is darned hard to come by. <i></i> That one where Monkeybone stole the soap cake out of the urinal - I thought I would die.	Coming from you, that's quite a compliment
You know what gets me?	Oh, shit
Never!	Well, I am to Deptford now, I leave my respects, Miss Rosaline
Your Honor—	Yes
Why don't you?	I can't be honest with them
I think you were jealous	Jealous? You kiddin' me? Did you see that guy's face
Yeah.	It could be freezing, it could be raining
This place is getting expensive too, used to be twelve.	Still, fifty cents ain't bad
Yeah, you wouldn't believe my idea -- it's a home run. You ever hear of Eight-Minute Abs?	The exercise tape? Sure, I've seen it on T.V
What does he say to do?	He can hardly talk
Yes. We're suing.	Is that absolutely necessary? It'll just make it a bigger story
You make a mistake?	Yeah.  My whole life
You can call me Simon.  You're very brave to do this...  You opened it.	I just glances inside
You all right?	Yeah
Thanks.	If you wanna get anywhere nowadays, you gotta keep in touch with all the news, is what I always say
A day.	Tomorrow
No shit...	Don't fuck with your brain, pal.  It ain't worth it
"Uh huh. And ""Pioneer's Pride, Mobile Log Cabins"". That was in your blood about six months wasn't it?"	Management were pin heads
Why should that make such a difference?	Well ...  ... you see, you use different moves when you're fighting half a dozen people than when you only have to be worried about one
I'll take Cathy up to bed.	Are you staying
But there's one thing I envy you for.	What's that
I'm not sure.  I think I figured something out.  It must've been in my newsletter.	What newsletter
Where did you learn that?	The cook
This is the hotel supervisor, Mr Lamont. I’m terribly sorry to disturb you but there’s been a mix-up with our bookings which you might be able to help us resolve.	What are you talking about
Yes! And I'm going to play like shit because I didn't get a good night's sleep!	Why did you agree to come in then
Yeah, so, what's wrong with that?	It's what I do for a living
I have no memory.	Amnesia
It was fucking '60 Minutes II'!  I couldn't say no!  I could've been the next Diane Sawyer!	What's wrong with just being Gale Weathers? I liked her
I feel weird asking him.	You shouldn't. He likes you
I'm just too old for going steady, Josh.	So's he and he knows it
Yes.	What do you want more than anything
Yes, you are --	Did you hear what Gibarian said? I'm not a human being.  I'm an instrument.  I came from your memory and your imagination and I will torture you no matter what.  Even if I remain passive.  That's when I drank the...  I was going mad.  It felt like there was no body underneath my skin. There was something else.  An illusion.  But I could feel my heart beating, and I remembered you tested my blood.  Is it like yours
How'd you know that?	It's right there on your golf bag
Must be a spare set.	I thought the spare set was in the kitchen drawer
I think that you have to be nicer to me.	Go to bed
I-unno...Don't worry, I had everything on the hand memorized.	That's not what I was worried about
It's not important, just technical things. We make our case.  You were very good, you spoke well. The Judge like you. It look good. Don't worry.	Did you ask for bail
No. Sorry.	Ah, winter in Ohio is especially rough if you've got an appetite for color
To get out of Southport?	Right. Now I remember
You call me in on my day off because some idiots have broken into local Democratic Headquarters--tell me, Harry, why should I be smiling?	As usual, that keen mind of yours has pegged the situation perfectly.  Except  it wasn't local Democratic Headquarters, it was National Democratic Headquarters--  --and  these weren't just any idiots, these were special idiots, seeing as when they were arrested at 2:30 this morning, they were all wearing business suits and Playtex gloves and were carrying--  --a walkie-talkie, forty rolls of film, cameras, lock picks, pen-sized tear gas guns, plus various bugging devices.  Not to mention over two thousand dollars, mostly in sequenced hundred dollar bills
A what?	A fast.  To remind us of the poor, of those who must endure without enough to eat
We'll turn back anytime you want.	Oh boy... this should be interesting
She'll never forgive me!	Bombs away
Even that little bug you found in Sudbury seems to have taken off.	Jesus, everyone's moving.  Could be an assembly.  Does it look aggressive
Let me get your change.	Flo, I'm just gonna help myself to a refill on the coffee
We? I don't think so.	I want that story, Audrey. Remember you work for me
And you say that came from Lisca Bianca?	It couldn't have come from anywhere else. At least, somewhere from that vicinity... But I really can't understand it. Contraband cigarettes on that island! It's the first time that ever happened
This year?  That's cutting it a little close, isn't it?  I mean, just from a sales point of view, the book just came out, right?  So you're not even looking at the paperback release for maybe a year.  And it's going to be at least another year after that if the thing has movie-of-the-week or mini-series potential. You would have been better off predicting 1992 or even '94 just to be safe.	This is not just some money-making scheme!  I didn't just make up the date.  I have a strong psychic belief that the world will end on New Year's Eve
Close enough to walk to!	Martin, would you run me an atmospheric
Jesus.	I can't watch this
Please!  I'll never let you down again, Mother.  Never.  I promise.	Then this shall be our little secret.  Remember that I see into thy soul as God sees.  Thou may fool the world. Even thy father.  But not me, Richard. Never me
There it is, guys, the last of it.	Yep.  You've provided us with a golden opportunity to have both the bug and the bug killer
I've been on the job.	A hot story, huh
I wasn't standing around guarding the local Taco Bell.  I've worked homicide for five and a half years.	Not here
Mister, I'm calling you out.	What?  You want to fight?  Over her
-- Jackie really shouldn't drink --	-- oh I don't know -
Why not?	Take them back, Suzette
Fink.	Mr. Lipnik
It's just... for good luck. Some people carry rabbits' feet...	...You carry firearms
So there's no problem -- I can have the rights, the negative too?	They're yours.  But how are you going to finish it?  Without a star there's no movie
How can anyone say that? We have no cook, no maid. We have no footman. Nothing at all!	How is that possible? You give concerts, don't you? I hear they are quite successful
I got the early edition!  It was just dropped off at the newsstand.	This is the big moment...
We're taking the other case.	What other case
There you go, Mrs. McKenna.  Just put it in there.	John-
Please, no.	'No' what
Mm-hmm.	Up all night again, huh
Funny.  Would you like to buy me a drink?	This little thing says I can't
I'm Harry S. Truman from Casewell Insurance Underwriters.	Harry S. Truman
Uhh - martini?	Olive or eyeball
Tell me something good, Chief.  Tell me about the future.	Well they found out cigarettes give you lung cancer
Jon -- there's something I have to know.  Did you love me once?	Yes, I loved you.  I left the earth when I lost you
Kate...	Jack...God, it’s been so long...You look..
Oh God. Shit...	Andy..
Dance with me.	No
You okay?	Sure.  I'm fine.  I don't know why I never did this before.  I mean, what's the big deal
Oh my God, he's back.	In many ways, Bob's Big Boy never left, sir. He's always offered the same high quality meals at competitive prices
Gentlemen!  Gentlemen!	I didn't come here to be insulted
I'd say you'd better take her to the nearest psychiatrist, psychologist, neurologist, psychoanalyst, or plain family doctor. And have him check you both.	Then you're of no use to me. I'm sorry I wasted your time. Thank you for coming in, Scottie
She's hungry.	I know she's hungry.  I tried to feed her but she wouldn't eat a thing.  I'm not a wet nurse
Hey!--you're tickling me.	Then we run our hands down a man's arms and legs-- like this--in case they got what you're looking for attached to a string.  See what I mean, Purser
"She lied to me. I mean all my life, she's telling me one story and then... it turns out to be a completely different story. Come to me at some point -- tell me the truth. No. Not in my house. The truth is a stranger. And this is why Ray and Marcia are the way they are. Marcia gets involved with all these losers and sees no problem with herself - ""How do they find me"" she says. Ray cheats on you and then blames me for it. I'm the only one in the family who takes any responsibility for himself... Oh, man... Are you all right?"	Yeah... I saw that girl come on to you at the TV show
For loyalty, you buy a dog.  For love, you get married.	"Look.  I'm happy to entertain you, as always, but I have a question for you.  Are we really ""friends?"
But --	Believe me, Bruce, I know what I'm doing. He'd get you in a crap game -
They died well.  Otherwise, they didn't do much right.  But if we have war, the British will surely send their best troops:  right now they have no other enemies.	And a French alliance
Roger, Arctic Warrior. I say again, our records indicate the passenger vessel Chimera was lost at sea. Over.	Roger, North Island. Please advise pending further information. Over
First of all, you're my alibi. I told George I was with you last night.	What? Why'd you do that
I swear to God Charlie...my arm still hurts from the car accident...that's why I didn't go to work.  I swear it.	That's not going to help
Remember that.	You know what? I feel ... exorcised ... like the demons are gone
The James-Younger Gang.	Sorry
I am.	So if it should prove members of your crew did in fact carry out such an assassination - 
They don't build them like this anymore.	Suppose not
Any demands yet?	At this point we don't have much
Could I get another room.	You want to change rooms
So what I want to do is stop it here.  I'm going to make him an offer.  I want to do it myself.  I want it to come from me.	All right.  But let's keep the price down.  I've called Ed Concannon.  He recommends that we continue to respond as if we're going to trial
Look... don't throw that on me.	Who's on the phone, now?  What do you mean... throw it on you?  You knew it, right
Well if I don't who will?	They're happy like this
Who's the other one?	White girl named Melanie Ralston. Another girlfriend of Ordell's
Good night, Enrique. She slides into the car--	Buenas noches, Senora Cruz. Enrique walks in the opposite direction-
Gummy and two cops...	Cool your tool, Frank, I need a little more time. I think I'm really on to something here
How much can you bench?	I don't know
Just make a break for the door. He'll get some of us, but that's the breaks.	We're not leaving Crutch
Yes.	So, your parents... why did you disappoint them
I bought him a watch too.	Yeah
No, let me go.	No, I'll go. You stay... In case she wakes up
Rivers of the stuff!	And it's all flowing toward the museum
ON THE PRESSCORP, THE REPORTERS, LISTENING WIDEMOUTHED, TO THE PRESIDENT'S SPEECH.	It falls to me to <u>reveal</u> to you a <u>secret</u>.  To reveal the existence of a secret group of warriors. Men, yes, and <u>women</u>, trained and pledged their <u>strength</u>, their <u>skills</u>, and, if called upon, their <u>lives</u>, in the service of their fellow Americans. A group so secret, its very existence has been known to just a few, and known not by a Name, but by a Designation Number, Three-Oh-Three..
Yes.	Where
I think you should then.  You should look in on Sheila.	I'm not going to leave you alone
Oh, he's not getting away with anything.	Listen, Babe - get me some stuff on this guy, and you can have
Hey, Letty. Mrs. Mayer.	I got worried. Are you OK
Sir, I still don't think, uh, we can contain it anymore.  There's a cancer on the presidency.  And it's growing. With every day that ...	Jesus, everything is a crisis among the upper intellectual types, the softheads.  The average people don't think it's much of a crisis.  For Christ's sake, it's not Vietnam ... no one's dying here.  Isn't it ridiculous
Okay. So you lost a great specimen-	Don't you get it? It's more than that
What trip?	You went to Rekall, remember
Another reason??? Did I miss something???	You insist on calling all the shots.  And by the way: I am not a helpless girl
Describe exactly what you think he did to Mrs. Leeds and I'll tell you if you're right or not.	I don't want to do that
Are there any questions?	What
Sometime, but not like this.	It's a good thing your hand did not become infected -- how did you cut it like this
-- there's not much room --	That's fine -
Isn't that cute? I just taught her that.	Adorable. What time are they supposed to be here
Fuck, man. Too early in the morning for that, you know what I mean?	She's a kid, Jack. I don't even look at that stuff anymore
So we have a chance of getting back together again.	Oh, Rob, shut up
Why do they have to die for me?	They'd eat you if they could.  They're laughing at you.  Listen
Had enough?	No way! Halloween's great. Can we stay out all night
What did they say before the bad card came up?	You'll meet a rich man and he will give, you money
--yeah, a hand or something--	--coming out of the water-
-- never mind.	What does he do? Is he an actor
But it's just my face you want to draw.	Oh if it's going to make you uncomfortable...  Perhaps we can find something else for you to wear
Thanks to you.	That's two you owe me, junior
Yeah, go on...	Good news is that yeah, I found him.  The bad news is..
You only have one game left and you haven't been recruited.  Munchkin, I wanted it as bad as you did, but we have to face reality.	The coach from USC is going to be at the championship
Sing a song of sixpence.	A pocketful of fucking rye.  What's wrong
"And when I confronted him about his affair with Cecile he told me it was none of my business. Then when I said ""Well what about Ronald,"" he said you were nothing more than a stupid... the n word and that you deserved what you got..."	And this happened before you and I hooked up
Maxine...	I can't believe it. This is too good to be true
You're right.  I don't give a damn about her.  But to fuck a man's wife behind his back?  That just makes a fool out of him.  I don't like being made a fool of.	I don't blame you.  What man would? I admit it, okay?  I came back here and I made it with Grace.  But if you kill me you're making a big mistake
I put it in, Mama.	Well I didn't see it
Just some people from work...	I don't believe you
I'll live.	Quite a transportation jam we are having outside of Frankfurt! They are very angry in Berlin. They will be even angrier on the East Front, waiting for that ammunition train. Don't you think so, Lieutenant
Hard man to live with.	How would you know
You planning on being a bachelor your whole life, Jesse James?	Not if I find the right girl
Is that what you wanted to ask me?	Yes
Could we hear to the moon?	Big enough radio, I don't see why not
Bellerophen?  No time at all once I've got it.	Good.  Biocyte stock is just a week or two away from going through the roof
You what...?  Is that on the callsheet, is that on the callsheet, or is that <u>personal business</u>?  Ah, Christ. <u>Marty</u>...Are we <u>paying</u> you?	I..
She understood something it's taken me twenty-five fucking years in politics to understand.  The CIA, the Mafia, the Wall Street bastards ...	Sir
That's a pretty brassiere.	Thanks
Apparently pretty high, we just got a new CEO last week.	That's a shame
Yes... I did.	Toughened your nipples, didn't it...?  Six foot one, strongly built, about 190 pounds. Hair brown, eyes pale blue. He'd be about 35 now. He said he lived in Philadelphia, but may have lied. That's really all I can remember, Senator - but if I think of any more, I'll let you know
"""... FRESH, WIND IN HER HAIR... LIFE WITHOUT CARE... SHE'S BROKE... BUT IT'S 'OK'..."	Sing it to me, Frankie
It's okay to break, girl. You shatter if you have to.	I'd really just like to be alone
Drive by patrol.	How is she
Look, I'm Captain James West...	Well, Captain, then the answer is your train is still here
I hope this was made with egg whites!	It was
I got there first.  Stan covered up the pills and I had it out with Norman.  He seemed desperate not to lose you.  He promised to handle it.  And we all let it drop away.	All of us
Delmar? I never go out to California. That's a thousand miles from here.	Nine hundred. Bobo needs somebody to handle playback this time. Come on, Lilly, you don't argue with Bobo
Not everyone, Miss Daniels.	Only violators and practical jokers
I don't think so Mayolia.	I want to be part of it, I want to inspire you, I want to do - something
Everybody else does. Why not you?	You're Frankie Lazzaro. The gangster from Rhode Island
Don't I always?  Most of the time?	Mr. Bernstein, am I a stuffed shirt? Am I a horse-faced hypocrite?  Am I a New England school-marm
Well someone clearly let him out before Monica opened the gate.	Oh fuck you, and fuck Monica while you're at it.  But I guess that's what I interrupted
His file listed you as a known associate.  Now spill.	Oh, yeah.  That was a long time ago.  Before your day.  The last few years he's been muscle for hire.  But I heard he's disappeared
We copy. Stand by...  Tower?	Tower, here
There's no standing between a fool and his folly. If you must babble your news to him he's at the Fisherman's Tryst. It's the inn at Pennycuik. You can use MacFarlane's horse and gig to get there. He'll welcome the ride back.	At Pennycuik.  I know the inn.  I can be there in an hour
How'd you find me?	Heard you come here now and again. Figured you'd be needing a little drinky tonight
Sure you are.	No I'm not
I saw you with a dog, in my mind.	No dog
My angel. My goddess. I feel I've always loved you all my life. I'll die if I can't spend the rest of my life just looking at you, holding you in my arms...	We have to have a long talk about all this
I wasn't going to try anything.	Yeah, and I'm never going to smoke another cigarette
Well, you're to take these after you've eaten. Now what kind of nurse would I be if I failed in so simple a task as giving out some pills?	Leave the pills. I'll take them later
I mean, so far, have I screwed it up for you?	No
It's accelerating. You have no more time for games.	Have the doctors prepare. I'll be on the bridge.
Nothing.	Totally unrelated victims
What!?	Ain't nuthin' wrong wit' it
Bad news.  Alot of action on the streets tonight, and nobody bothered to clear it with me.  Tin- Tin got himself whacked.	Who got himself what
He cared enough to want you to have it.	He phoned it in
Honestly. Someone stole my car. I parked it right there last night.	Are you sure you parked it there
"No such thing as coincidence.  ""God does not play dice with the universe."""	Einstein, right?  We'll see ya
Joe!	Come over here where I can see you
This is Mrs. Redi, Mary.	I'll be out in a minute
Frank, but not now. Frank. You're trying to wipe out some old business. But not now. I understand. But you go call 'em back. You call the Bishop back.	I have to try this case. I have to do it, Mick. I've got to stand up for that girl. I need your help.  Mick, will you help me...?  Will you help me...
I told you, I knew your sister.	You killed that cop Dutton
Tyrone...	Oh shit Alma... you're..
Ten grand? That cheap-ass... I got a better deal for ya. I'll double it. I'll pay ya twenty if you go back there and do mah husband.	Uh, you want us to do a guy? Huh huh. No way
Yes, sir, name, please?	Food
You get me Cheesy Poofs with the delightful cheddar crunch, and I'll watch my fucking mouth!	Eric!!!!  You need to be rehabilitated. Help me to help you
"""The wrong hands""? We're not talking about military secrets, John. They're just tapes that he makes so he can sit around and get off."	Jesus Christ. And he doesn't have sex with any of them? They just talk
Cause when you say can't, you ain't a man.	That's right
Carter, get off that stage!	Are you kidding, they love me.  I'm a star, Lee.  A god to these people
If I get let off. Otherwise, fuck 'em.	It's very possible Ordell's killed somebody
Go away. I have enough work here to last me all night.	Listen, I don't have any plans-- you want some help
Did you tell her?	I don't know.  I have to go, I don't have time and I have more drinking to do before I go march -
I've never seen you in here before.	That's because I've never been here before
Because you're pushing me to be something I'm not.	So you're angry with me because you're standing here with your hair combed and wearing perfume
My life's an open book. You read?	I'm not the kind of guy who blends in at a family picnic
Lucky thing.	Yeah.  But when something bad happens, something really bad -- the wall breaks. The fabric tears
Listen, forget the shoes.  I'll just take a cab... Uh...	Parry
Where are they going?	Oh, man... You didn't have to hit me, Snake. I can help you
We could put on our pressure suits and blow all the air out of the ship.  That would kill it.	No, we can't afford to lose that much oxygen.  We're going to have to flush it out
My name is Carpenter and I'm a very earthy character living in a respectable boarding house.	I'm afraid I can't offer you any real protection. I have no influence in cases of inter-planetary conspiracy
Cooperate and they will be returned to your estate.  I could have executed you.	And my army would have thrown your body into the Danube
"You did not just say ""Injuns,"" Del."	The Indians, Injuns, whatever. They're always drunk and doing stupid things
You remember opening the door?	You were all supposed to leave.  You weren't supposed to stay down here
I don't really. But understand something- even though it may take me two or three days to sort this out-  -when I'm gone, you'll still have to build the bridge. And I don't want the men to have lost respect for you.	That's very considerate
Did he give you his name?	Yeah, uh -- it was Spanish-somethin' Garcia, or Diego, uh -
You really think we hurt him that bad?	Hell, no, all you did was knock the wind out of him. But he won't be playing any more football today
What DO you want? Damn it, why isn't there a girl here? You know this has nothing to do with age. This is about you flying a goddamn computer console when you wanna be out hopping Galaxies.	Spare me your notions of poetry, please. We all have our assigned duties and..
So far so good.	I'm worried.  The vibrations could shake her to pieces.  We should have padded her feet
Oh, I was just wondering, if I were to bring in Chirino, would you put me on the task force?	What?  Is that what you're calling me about
Can I get you anything?  Food?  Cake? Watered down champagne punch?	I'm fine.  You throw quite a party.  I didn't know they had Christmas in Japan
Why'd she kill herself?	Yes
Why'd you come here, Brian?	"I wanted to know why you messed with my station assignment. I mean, is this really gonna have to one of those big brother -- little brother ""you broke my GI Joe and I'm still pissed"" games"
We did.	With a lace table cloth
I'm feeling very fit, thank you. How is your bronchitis?	I feel much better. Thank you
You two have a lot of catching up to do, I guess.	You bet
Can't tell if you hear it or not. You hear it, Tom?	I hear it. I think they's some guys comin' this way, lots of 'em. We better get outa here
N-n-n-n-no, no, I du-du-du-didn't, I didn't!	I don't want your mother to believe something like this but what am I to think
We're nearly there, Lucilla.	That's what you told me two days ago
... because people have got to know whether or not their President is a crook.  Well, I am not a crook.  I have never made a dime from public service ...	Oh God, I'm going to throw up
It makes it all seem so serious.	It is serious, Mrs. Ramos
What?	Or the vitamins? Or the...
I'm leaving, man.  I'm bailing town. This place has gotten way too hairy.	Where am I gonna find another mechanic stupid enough to work for my money
And tonight?	Better
I won't ever hit you.  I don't want you smaller.  I want you to be happy.  You're not.  Not here with me. Not home with your mother.  Not up in Tahoe.  Not alone.  Not anywhere.  You're what I was most of my life, Sam. I see it in your eyes.  In your sleep. In your answer to everything.  You're barely alive.	I'm not even listening
Yeah? About fifty people I didn't know wrote that in my annual.	I know everybody says it, but I really mean it
Just before she died she came to--	Did she talk
Oh yes.	Tell me all the details
It's too late for me. And besides... who'd look after her? She'd be alone up there, the fire would go out... damp and cold, like a grave. When you love someone, you don't do that to them, even if you hate them. Oh, I don't hate her.  I hate... what she's become. I hate... the illness.	Wouldn't it be better if you put her in... someplace..
Do you?	Intimately. For every sin you have placed on my head I could give you a hundred others. I have been swimming in blood my entire life. But I retain a belief, perhaps you will think it old fashioned, undoubtedly you will, but I believe that private lives should not be public property
You've been working in that video shop too long.	And all that gore better hadn't be interfering with your schoolwork
A cow?	Two thousand francs. If I stay here a week I will cost the Russian people seven cows.  Who am I to cost the Russian people seven cows
There are the people of the United States, and they are blaming you - Oh, I know it doesn't make any sense, but at least you can learn a lesson from it.	"What lesson?  Not to expose fraud when I see it?  Not to fight for the right of the people to own their own property?  Run it the way I said, Reilly - ""This afternoon a great man was assassinated -"
Your keys, asshole!! Your two fucking keys!! Give them to me!!	I'm not going to give you my keys
Tom, you okay?	Hardly anyone calls me Tom. Everybody calls me Mack. I always liked that
I'm going shopping.  Don't try to stop me.	Cool.  I could actually use a couple of Allen wrenches.  What do you need
But the son is suppose to stop crying.	I could have grown up happy. A Yankee fan. A divorce lawyer
Sure.	Why are you so into Pinot? It's like a thing with you
No.	C'mon, give me a peek and we'll go to the battin' cages
Any books you like to read for fun?	No
Yes --	So did I. He was friendly to me as no man ever was
You're wasting the taxpayers' money.	If you want to, you can call your lawyer
She didn't.	But you said..
When she gets here, have that kid of yours help her with the suitcase.	He took the day off
That's right, Fran. And I'm a doctor.	Doctor
There are people in this world who don't think a police badge is a badge of honor.  I'm not one of them.	Nor I. This is why I gave it to you
No.  That's not going to tell us anything.  Let's get this prompter going.	It's not loaded
Dorothy!	How would you like to have a couple of little murderers for your children?  It'd be fun, wouldn't it?  Maybe they'd murder each other...  keep it all in the family. That's what Father should have done.  He should have killed me and Gilbert... then we wouldn't have had this to go through
You do the praying.  I've work ahead.	There's the spirit, lad.  If ye run into trouble, give a yank here and we'll haul ye up
You've got everything planned.	Everything
Sorry. I just thought she might not wanna meet her Maker lookin' like a cheap whore.	"Well, your ""cheap whore"" is this family's ""lovin' mother.""  The Clemens said to make him look like he just came from snowmobilin'. Pink cheeks, and.."
Sonny, would you please just tell them... please...	Where are they now?  Just tell me... are they on the phone now
Just seemed like the right move... Whatcha doing?	Spanish
You're good enough you'll never have to kill anyone.  I joined the cops to save lives, not waste them.	You know, M.J., when I watch you shoot, I realize I've got a little problem with my stance... could you just move over here and critique my legs
Good evening.	I'd like a word with you, Jack
As much as for a Lord?  What an honor!  Did your king give you other wealth apart from horses?	No
I'm on to you.  You're a faker.  You aren't dying.	What
You can hit me, if you want to.	No. please. I won't
Then you're only a hundred-forty-five in the hole.  You can keep that dollar. Now why don't you just take your American Express Gold Card, and call that guy with the big schnooz on TV and have him send you the money lickity split.	I don't have a goddamn credit card
So what's it going to be?	Well, I've paid for the ticket
-- same sauce -- sweet and sour.	You don't know what it's like -- standing next to you in that elevator, day after day -- Good morning, Miss Kubelik -- Good night, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm still crazy about you, Fran
No one's home.  Checked it out myself.	Good.  I want around-the-clock surveillance on that house
She went crazy.  She went crazy, Rose.	Did you tell her
You know, I've been thinking.  I could teach Lydia to sew.	Little black party dresses
Willya lemme talk for Chrissake? I'm trying to tell you what happened.  What happened is...	The same thing that always happens! You blew it! And this time you broke your son's heart instead of mine!  He was so proud, looking forward to going to a movie with his father... and you let him down!  Like you let everybody down, always!  What did you do, take a mudbath
I'm sorry I treated you mean today. You shouldn't believe what I say when I'm with the kids.  Nobody acts sincere.	Why'd you get mixed up with them? You don't have to prove anything
He wanted me to live.	Why did he want you to live? A one-time dirty cop without a loyalty in the world finds it in his heart to save a worthless rat-cripple? No, sir. Why
A few hitches sir, but I'm confident we'll have a prototype in no time.	It'll never work
No way. Big K taught me I ain't executive material.	What about it, Diz 
She never mentioned her father.	Well she wouldn't.  He left when she was twelve.  Never spoke about him after that
How much we got?	Eleven thousand four hundred, cash. Here in my pocket
What about Dr. Michaels?	It's too late
Let's go, Duff.	Take it easy
Is something wrong with Jane?	We have a boy on the line.  He says he's Thomas Smith and he's calling from the house
They're armed for bear, Buckaroo.  Check out those radiation levels.	John Parker, tell them we're doing our best.  Stall
God knows I would, sir, but I have a previous engagement this evening.	And may I ask what could possibly be more important than Fawell Oil v. U.S. Environmental Agency
He has lots of disks.	I think he was working on them today, so they're probably in his office.  Could you find them and see who they belong to
I can't. He didn't do anything. Thanks to you.	Why are you on to him
You wouldn't --	Yes I would.  Not kill you.  But blow off a few toes, absolutely. I'm entitled to that as retribution.  It'll help you to remember me in years to come -- every time you put on stockings. They must have prosthetic toes by now -- with little nails on them you can polish -
How can you say things with such feeling and then turn around and put on a helmet and...Who are you?  Were you sitting on my right or my left at the card table?  Tell me!  Please tell me who you are; you own me that!	"I know, I should probably tell you, but I just don't feel like it. To be honest, I'm really angry at you. I admired you so much more when you were purely wicked. I mean, look at you now, running around trying to ""get to the bottom"" of things. Trying to ""save the city."" It's true we're about to do a very nasty deed, but really, what's it to you?  Since when do you care what happens to a bunch of pathetic Oasiburgians? You're just not yourself, anymore"
How'd it go?	Keys were in it ..
Uhh... Bacon.	Okay
I don't know, what? Thirty, Forty maybe.	Don't give me that shit. You know exactly how much you lost. What'd you drop
"Who's ""Eleanor?"""	The 167 Mustang Shelby Mustang GT-500
Steady, boy.  Just keep telling yourself you're a girl.	I'm a girl.  I'm a girl.  I'm a girl 
Because a lot of people would've gotten killed.  Probably all the wrong ones.	You're going to let them get away with this
I'm gonna get beside him.	No you're not
A little modesty would suit you better.	Who is on this committee
Okay, take some executive... bored with his life, bored with his wife... he picks up a hooker or some girl at a bar.  Then he goes around for months, torn up worrying that he's got AIDS, that he'll infect his wife.  And maybe he really does catch something--	Price he pays for being a scumsucking pig
Me?	Yes
Tom, I love you!  See!  I bought it for him, for his birthday.	It's superb
What would their reaction be?  I hadn't the foggiest.	Everybody shut up
Can I get you something to drink?	Coffee'd be nice
What do you mean?	What are you going to do? Now that you've quit the police force
I'm going to wait in the car.	Sure.  We almost done, ain't we
Well done, Miss Teschmacher.	Why am I doing this? Why am I here
Tricks, is it?  Why I'll trick ye! Ungrateful whelp!  I'll sour your milk and bird droppings'll fall from the sky wherever ye walk.	Save your mischief for the Black Baron
The Red Sox were my world. I surrendered my existence to a team that couldn't win the big one.	If you're such a devoted fan, why were you at the play tonight instead of the game? Answer carefully. This is important. You could have gone to the theater last night. There was no game last night
What's your advice, Alexander?	March on Philadelphia!  Get Joseph Reed, and the pigs in Congress, the speculators, who've grown fat off the war!  Get them all!  Sweep them aside
Yeah, I'm interested, but can we get someplace a little less public?	You nervous?  Forget it.  The cops have more to worry about in this city than the squid-trade, believe me-
Look, what do you want me to say? I was there. I believed him.	Believed what
You just dropped a shitload on him... give him some time to digest it.	Are you going to leave, too
Hi Mark, Cindy, Ben.	Hi Sandy
Not at all.  Similar, but not the same.	What's the difference
He keeps on acting like such an asshole!	Ned
I knew it. I knew it wasn't true. Boy, how do they get away with printing stuff like that?	You'd be amazed at what some people will believe
You're not Lenore Oberfeld.	There isn't any such person
Oh, my gosh, everything! My trip out here, what we've both been doing, you know...	No, I'm not sure I could begin to imagine... So, where'd you go
Not sleepy, either?	No
See, I wrote something about all this. Uh, it, it's a song about...	Well, play it, man
Did they give you a rough time?	No.  You bastard. You knew they'd come back
Anybody usin' these drawers here?	Hey, hey, HEY.  No possibility.  You can't stay in here.  You can't sleep right next to me
It's on the television.	Of course. I'm such a fool... Thanks, Mummy
I'm not here very much.	Business keeps you on the road
...And let me guess.  This robber -- he gets your money.	No. Two of them. Two robbers. And they <u>both</u> get nailed... get shot by the old lady
You have to tell me what you're doing with my Venom.	You must show me your secrets, blossom, before I show you mine
You did okay, back there.  I was fairly impressed.	Not good enough.  We still gotta catch Big Geek
Palmer, you and Copper tie everyone down.  Real tight.	What for
You see that?	I didn't see nothing
I want to go with you!	Quiet!  Shhh
What are you doing down here?	Chuy. He was taken. He's down here somewhere...  Oh, please, hurry. I saw what was after her
Yes--Me--in person!	So what
No?  Why not?  You know something?  Sometimes I figure I'll never live to see my next birthday.  Isn't that dumb?	No
Keep it.  Go wild.  Have a party.	Why'd you do that?  Don't tell me you're a gentleman, Max. I thought chivalry was dead as a necessary consequence of gender politics..
What are we gonna do on your birthday, isn't that nice it's on a Sunday this year, what can we do?	I don't kno
And your folks didn't understand?	They never do
I said get out!	Melina, please...People are trying to kill me
Do you understand me you little fuck?	Yes, Mr. Vesci
Good.  Thank you.  Now that I have it on.  Why are you laughing?  You don't even know what that means.	No.  I don't.  But I always said to myself, when I die, I want to die laughing
What about jewelry?	They didn't take the jewelry. They took the computers. They took the big-screen TV, they took my blender
Was it funny?	To us it was
Oh Jesus.  Oh God.  Oh Jesus God.  Oh Mary Mother of Jesus. Oh Jesus of Nazareth.	oh dear
Lonesome?	We'll let it go at that-
Do yourself a favor:  Don't ask.	I appreciate your concern, but we live in that house.  I need to know what happened in there
Goodbye, Yonson.	So long, Hildy
I think everything's okay here.	I could check your prostate
We're <u>all</u> risking our lives!	That may be.  But Dad stays where <u>he</u> is, and I'm staying here
I don't pretend I came over on the Mayflower--	And those stupid girls who hang out with them-
What is it?	My brother, Frank
I'm a scientist.  I have lived my whole life by the diagnostic application of fact and the fact is, Argon is going to get whatever he wants, so if I were you, I'd give it to him.	You mean the designs for the nanobot?  You think after this I'm going to give them to him
What's in Mexico?	Mexicans
-- good, then all you got to be is grateful.	No doubt. That's my moms there, taught me them skills
That's where it gets a little strange.	And what about the guy that was following me
I hope that understanding is worth as much as you think it is, sire. My impression of Alexander is that he is moody and impressionable, capable of acting on sudden impulses which then lead to sudden embarrassments.  He is an unpredictable mixture of idealism and vanity.  You have dazzled him, and you have performed a diplomatic miracle, but Alexander is weak and he is easily influenced by the last one who has his ear.	That is a matter of opinion
Beverly Hills hairdresser... what kind of a thing is that to do... you might as well be a faggot... think that's funny too?	No
DeLa, I'm aboard.  As long as I get to hoof and get paid too!!!	That's right.  Money turns the wheel
The plastique I found.  Is the building on fire?	No, but it's gonna need one hell of a paint job and a shitload of screen doors.  One spotters say you got two with that blast
Will you marry me?	Okay
You came all the way from Los Angeles to tell me that?	Yes I did
I didn't see her... and I didn't hear from her! Believe that!	I need to... I need to believe something. This is the first time I've ever come up against anything I couldn't... understand
We are talking...	No, in person.  Now
I will.	Great
Watch the news?	Nah, I musta missed it
What's this about merchandising? You always hated merchandising!	Well, baby, I do, but to look at it from another angle...there's a <u>potload</u> of money here
Alright, do what you want. But keep the screws on him. He's a wild card. That could be either good or bad.	So the odds are up to fifty-fifty? I can deal with that
So then this isn't crazy.  It's a sure bet.	Well..
...You saw her?	Yes. Yes, I have
He's after your money.	You catch on real fast...Okay, Jack, let's talk deal. How much of my money you gonna let me keep
What is --	Just take it
I wish I didn't have to live someplace.	What do you mean
Either we got to tie him up and *throw* him on the truck, or somepin. He can't stay here.	Can't tie him. Either we'll hurt him or he'll git so mad he'll hurt his self.  Reckon we could git him *drunk*
That's what I'm here for. I want you to come and see Citrine with me?  He's not gonna here it from me but I know he'd listen to you.	Listen to me saying what
...what is it that makes us human, if not the knowledge that we are indeed human? Think of this poor soul's education as the greatest gift we could bestow upon...	All right
But I promise I will not kill you until you reach the top.	That's very comforting. But I'm afraid you'll just have to wait
Yah?	Yah, this guy's smaller than his buddy
Yes...What is it?	What's what
They are. When she calls me now, she's a different person-she's frightened and vulnerable. She's about to finish college and enter the real world. That's got to be scary for anyone.	Oh shit, I've got to place an order
Was the heart attack the result of natural causes?	No
Yes. I think it'll look better.	If you say so
She's dead now, too. She was a nanny.	What's a nanny do
He's come to rescue me, father.	Well, let's not jump to conclusions ..
Why the gun?	I'm not gonna need it.  I won't even wear it.  It's a precaution.  Don't worry about me
The catalyst for the recent dramatic events was of course Truman's father, Kirk, and his infiltration onto the show. Before we discuss that, it's worth reminding viewers that this isn't the first time someone from the outside world has tried to reach Truman.	We <i>have</i> had our close calls in the past
What you gettin' red-in-the-face for?...I have brothers, haven't I?	Well I ain't one of 'em
I moved the couch. That's all.	Where to
Local 8 just started in Penns Grove. And, Bob said he was at fight club in Newcastle last week.	Newcastle?  Did you start that one
You're cold.	I don't think I am
Can't we access the mainframe to check the ship's condition?	With what?  How am I going to interface with it?  I need to be able to talk to the system and to have the system talk to me
Don't think so.  But they sure did a real number on your office. Crap everywhere.	My office
When did this happen?	Ten minutes ago
Really.	There's a lot of expectation. I don't want to disappoint my fans
Client?  I like to think of myself as more of a friend.  A mentor.	Max never had many friends.  So much with the piano.  Always keeping to himself, it's unhealthy..
...I don't think I know that hospital.	It's in a very pretty area that gets a lot of sun, has palm trees out front, mountains in the background..
They look nice.	I picked them out for you, Jake.  I thought you would like the colors
But I'm not.	I'm not either!
Well, he has to rule out certain things.	Like what?!  What
...It was taken by one of my policy holders. They're more than just customers to me, Barton.  They really appreciate what I have to offer them. Ya see, her hubby was out of town at the time –	You know, in a way, I envy you Charlie.  Your daily routine – you know what's expected. You know the drill. My job is to plumb the depths, so to speak, dredge something up from inside, something honest. There's no road map for that territory..
Did they?  You are only a man, different than most -- but still a man.  You feel the same -- want the same.  You want to live.	I haven't lived life -- I've hidden from it.  I've existed in the shadows
What'd you think I was doing out here with these glasses on?  Sunnin' myself?	I don't know.  I thought you were keeping the sun out of your eyes
If I'm the king of Israel, I say to myself, King, I say to myself, King... Take a good look around. What do I see?	Israel doesn't have a King
I want to see something!	Whatever you want
Inside 4th brigade compound ? That's crazy !	Then I hope you have a crazy pilot ! Keep the line open, Dizzy 
Where are they holding the wake? I'm supposed to be one of the pallbearers.	Show the gentleman to the chapel - pew number three
Yes, I do. I don't have amnesia. I remember everything about myself up until the incident. I'm Leonard Shelby, I'm from San Fran -	That's who you were, Lenny. You don't know who you are, who you've become since the incident. You're wandering around, playing detective... and you don't even know how long ago it was
Apparently, yeah.  I was supposed to leave last night with the lady marshal, but for some reason she wanted to wait.	She did, huh
How do you feel?	Fast and loose, man
...leave me alone... please...	Answer the question and I will
Normally dressed, you are a sore thumb, and you endanger us all.  While you are here, you will conduct yourself as a nun. Only I shall know who, and what, you truly are.  You will not disrupt the convent.  You will not influence the Sisters with your colorful street talk. You will draw no attention to yourself in any way.	But look at rites  Look at this!  I'm a nun!  I'm invisible!  I'm a penguin
I looked for you, Angie, before I cut out, but I couldn't find you.	I been looking all over for you
There'll be a time.	You promise?  Do you swear on St. Christopher...
Thank you.  Thank you very much.	And he has a really hot ass with hardly any hair on it
You just can't stop editing me. Huh?	This is hysterical
Did he say why?	Something about tampering. Some body's prob'ly trying to siphon the R&D budget into his checking account, I don't know. Why are you so interested
Run!  Take off!	Again
Paul said you were awfully sick.	I was, I was.  It never lasts long
Let me use your phone.	What's up
You were supposed to be here at three.	I forgot
Oh my god, oh my god...	Get the kit
I know it's hard to believe, but it's true.	That machine -
...A soldado, he takes care of it.	"By ""takes care of,"" you mean ""kills"""
But suppose you find nothing but a wasteland. How will you survive?	He won't survive.  Do you know what sort of life awaits you out there, Taylor? That of an animal. If you aren't eventually hunted down and killed by apes, some jungle beast will devour you
Mueller was alone in the cabin?	Yeah
Say anything in there about Karen Sisco?	Just that she got away
Sure. Him I liked, he was a very nice person. Secretive too, traveled all over, but a decent man.	Any idea what he did
There's something out there!  Let's go get it now!  That's why we came down here, isn't it?	He's right.  Follow me
Veronica, you look like hell.	Yeah, I just got back
I'm running a little late.  You see, I'm having a party at <u>THE</u> Club to introduce the new lead singer for Black Vomit.  Everyone in the industry will be there, including our friend, Don Cleveland.	What about Don
I don't know what you're talking about.	I wondered if you had ever seen this film or this woman...  ...right here
I see...	... You've quite a sense of humor, Mr. Chance - but all kidding aside, may I ask just what you are doing here
You're not my therapist. You're hear to study me. Face it —— I'm nothing more than a lab rat to you.	That's not true, Parker
Wanna snack...?	A little wine...
And it's a all real.	Yes
Yes?	What will become of me then
Mr. Sulu...? ... Mr. Sulu?!	... Aye sir...
Now, for one thing, you violated your parole two days out.  And you know Judge Hainey.  He hates this sort of thing.  Once he gets wind of this, he's gonna blow sky high.  And then when he finds out that you're a possible accessory to murder and armed robbery, well, I think we can safely place your ass back in the slammer for at least the remaining eight, don't you?	Oh, definitely
ARREST HIM!	Can't we all settle this like adults -- we're not larvae anymore -
Musta been some bad ass nuclear tests here in the 50's. This town's all inbreeding.	"Well, people gotta get by somehow. That's the curse. The mines done it. All that uranium, plutonium, fuffonium, fuckononium, assononium, all that ""om""! Everybody's got a mother. You don't rip up your mother. You don't rip up the Earth and take everything out. It's like the Cracker Jack box says, ""the more you eat, the more you want...."".."
I am so sorry!  Forgive me, I --	No!  Do not be sorry!  Never be sorry!  The King cares for nothing and for no one!  There are no mistakes when you are King!  What you do is right for every person!  A King has contempt for everyone
Oh.  Oh.	...which is a long, dull story and I won't get into it.  But-
Don't do it, please.	I'm at a loss, Ninotchka. You must forgive me if I appear a little old- fashioned. After all, I'm just a poor bourgeois
Thel, you ever hear from Joanna?	Not for a couple of months. The last time I heard from her she was living in San Francisco
You first.	Fifty thousand. Almost exactly
When I woke up, nobody was here.	She was supposed to be watching the sensor for me
What if I keep dropping?	Not an option
And what happened to Carl?	The time came, you shot him.  But you didn't shoot Foley or the guy with him.  They're unarmed, you had a shotgun and you let them throw you in the trunk. Okay, now you got your Sig in your hand.  You say in the report you couldn't turn around, he had you pinned down.  But when the trunk opened, how come you didn't cap the two guys then
Sir?	As a matter of fact--I am home
Rather more than a little something, Mr. Mitchell.	I'm afraid this is all for the moment
What are his qualifications besides being a white male and directing a hot new sexy freaky Madonna video?	"If Spielburg can direct ""The Color Purple"" and ""Amistad"", our whiz kid can direct the Mantan pilot"
They ain't sendin' Nicky nowhere.	All right, look, if he took a break, it would just give everybody some time to maneuver. That's all I'm saying. It's all that I'm saying
Why he's argumentative?	Yes...Yes...I'll explain it all. Just put the gun down
I wish my stepfather was here.	Why
Where did you hide it?	On the drunk
No...I was hoping to get a kiss.	Then why don't we just get it out of the way
Yeah.	What do you feed him
Doc. Nice to meet you.	Sorry I'm late... traffic was a motherfucker. Have another drink, I'll be back in five
Yes, and I've read it.  You wake up every night, sheets soaking, the same nightmare over and over...	No!  The answer is no.  Now please go.  I'm sorry.  Just go, would you
Yes?	Be careful
All right, what do you know?	Rose is madly in love with Daddy..
No.  He smokes.	How about the other one?  His friend
With tears.	But not right away? First the business of fighting them off, chin up, stout fella..
Really?	Really
The cops are comin'!	I got the gasoline -
I'm sorry, I'm not a weaver!	Months of work, and the loom, absolutely ruined
You loved him.	Yes.  Once.  We met at Columbia.  John held the Cadwalader Chair in Statistical Paleontology when I was a grad student there
That's open to debate.	I'll take my chances. Come on, I'm buying
You don't get paid to abuse the copy machine.	"""Abuse"" the copy machine.  There's an image"
But how do you know?	Read her thoughts
Yeah.  Something.	Yeah ... Well, I gotta go
May I get the check?	The ships are gaining..
Uh...that baby’s crying...	And...
Okay, come on in. Looks like you had a bad face lift.	Yeah
Don't you ever have any problems?	I have one now
I have more men.	I have smarter men
That is a cheap question and the answer is, of course, no comment.	'No comment' means 'yes.
The busiest land border crossing in the world.  Over forty-one thousand vehicles per day, twenty-two thousand pedestrians on foot.  I think we do a pretty good job but we know a lot of drugs are still getting through.	Any idea how much
I want the girl.  I don't care about the rest--but a US congresswoman taken hostage will make for great copy. We'll make headlines all over the world...	You're fucking crazy Richter--you know that
...you know and all that.	But he said he died instantaneously
When you won that scholarship, I was proud of you.	I know
Howard--	--remember Toronto, Harry
They're right about you, aren't they?  You're fried.  You really don't know what's going on, do you?	I know you've been trying to kill me
Did he say anything about me - tell me?	Oh, the usual things..
A freeway, Mr. Valiant, is eight lanes of asphalt running uninterrupted from L.A. to Pasadena.  Pasadena to Hollywood.  Hollywood to Santa Monica. Someday everyone will be in cars driving happily, non-stop from one end of the L.A. Basin to another.	That's what this is all about?  Tell me, who's gonna use your lousy freeway? We got the Red Cars, the best public transportation in the country
Mr. President, I'd like you to meet my dear friend, Mr. Chauncey Gardiner.	Mr. Gardiner, my pleasure
I'm going back to the Lodge, Ellie. Still need to go through some of Kay Connell's school records.	Okay
Really, Eve? Why?	Well, if you'd been here to begin with, I wouldn't have dared to read at all..
It means I'm through with boxing. I'm tired with tryin' to make the weight anymore. I'm sick of thinkin' about weight, weight, weight.	You sound bitter
One shuts it down, one turns arms it.	Which one's which
What?  Right Here?	Step into my office
...she went in complaining of stomach cramps.  Good doctor would have doubted the information on the chart.	Is that what a good doctor would do?  How old are you, please
"Finally, I get a waiter who doesn't know ""Macbeth""."	But I know you, don't I? I seen you on a poster in the theater district. I'll think of your name in just a -
About the mail --	It's very kind of you to offer, but -
Mr. Maranzano sends his warmest regards.	When you return please extend my regards to Mr. Maranzano and his family
Is anything wrong?	No! No -- we're just on our way downstairs
The car doesn't vanish Evan. The movie in your head has broken, that's all. But now I've re-spliced it and I want you to tell me about the car.	It's coming... argh! I can't
Let me put it in easy terms, Aristotle. We are carrying a damn bomb...	...that is going to explode..
...So she takes the pants in back -- where they try them on? And I think fuck it....	Are you shitting me?? Right in the store
What a dork. Huh huh.	Yeah, heh heh. He's a anus. Heh heh
Half-hour.  Once I finish this octave I'm gonna get breakfast.  You see what's on the buffet?	They stopped serving two hours ago
Lloyd, give it up.	Do me a favor; take a picture of me with her
I tell you this world just keeps getting more and more violent.	At least around here it does
Yeah.	I thought I was going to die
Is it hard?	No! It's easy -- it's very easy
There's no rush.	But the bridge..
turns around and Juliet presents her with a brown paper bag.	Fruit
"Why don't you start by saying ""yes,"" and then getting me one of those swell pineapple kabobs."	Oh sure ... You bet.  Betty ..
Just bought this beautiful antique Ouija.	Please.  That's all I need
What're you doing?	Confucious says, The way out is through the door. There's a truck. There's your door
They were in me.  Both places... you know.	I understand
George, good to see you, my brother.	What the fuck is going on?  When did you get out of jail
Nah.	Why not? You stink
M'm, wait, I got a great idea.  Hang in there for a second. I got a little-little artifact. A little erotic artifact, that-that I brought up from the city, which I think, uh, is gonna be perfect.  I just... there... There's a little Old New Orleans... essence. Now-now we can go about our business here and we can even develop photographs if we want to. There, now there.  M'mmm. M'mmm. Hey, is something wrong?	Uh-uh-why
I spoke with the Joint Chief when they arrived at NORAD. They agree, we must launch a counter offensive with a full nuclear strike. Hit 'em with everything we've got.	Above American soil
I don't follow music much. I'd like to though.  Honest.	So you haven't heard this record yet
Where's Betty?	She took the night off.  Heavy date.  Some guy she's had her eye on for a while
Tell me something, Dorie.  A man as big as you -- and smart too, you knew where to come when your ship couldn't help -- do you still have to fight with your fists to get respect?	I left my Mama and joined the Navy to be a man.  They made me a cook -- and not even that, really -- I clean up after the other sailors eat.  I shine the officer's shoes.  In two years, they've never even let me fire a gun
I figure my only hope is that the big Lebowski kills me before the Germans can cut my dick off.	Now that is ridiculous, Dude.  No one is going to cut your dick off
WELL? What are your plans?	Plans
Bathroom?	Round back
This could be it.	This could be it
Here you are, Doctor.	Thank you
Yeah.	This way
No. Don't --	I'm in charge. We go back
What do you remember?	What do you mean
Are all Jews the same?	Differences exist, of course, but they're irrelevant. For the Jew, his Jewishness dominates everything. Even the ones who renounce it, who hate it, who want to cut it out of their hearts a knife...can't escape. They're still just Jews
I'll make you another one.	Forget it
The police station.	He'll be pulp by now
A ragione. A ragione.	Hmm. C'e questa..
This doesn't make any sense.	You always have to find one singular thing to focus on.  There's always one thing, and it may be as small as a speck of dust, but you find it and focus... till it's an exhausted possibility
WHAT?  What was that crazy bitch said to him?  There's a war on, man! People are being killed!	Killed
Breathing through your pingala always works, honey--	Not that.  I mean the re-channeling of my sexual energy.  Maybe we shouldn't make love for awhile
Right.	And it got me thinkin'. How fun it would be to share each other's girl
Almost a Christmas scene.	Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye
Because that's how Cynthia thinks!! All she does is think about that stuff, and I hate that, I don't want to be like her, I don't want to be like her!!	You're not like your sister. You couldn't be like her if you wanted to
I just saw the woman I'm going to marry, I know it. But then I lost her.	Tough break. Most men have to get married before they lose their wives
We are kindred, you and I. Men of ambition. Let me tell you all that I have lost in such pursuits. I pray my story will come to mean for you all that is capricious and evil in man.	Who are you
Serious. But you'll have to take your new friend, the female crash-test dummy. She dropped it off for you.	You're not jealous, are you? You have to understand... Helen and I had this strange, intense... experience together
The reptiles were supposed to be of a docile species, said a senior government official, but it seems the breeders bungled and reared attack crocodiles.	Damn
Yes?	She gone like they say
I hear they're closing that post down.	September '97, that's all she wrote
And how I handle my <u>money</u>!	It's disgraceful
What do you mean? What kind of person am I?	What kind of person
Have you ever had anal intercourse?	Yes
Well I'm on my lunch hour. I'll wait.	He's liable to be tied up indefinitely
Now you're sure this spacefreighter will return to its port of origin once it jettisons its food supply?	Uh-huh.  And when we get there, we'll be able to find a way to transport you...home
Fuck band practice... If you're gonna be a painter you're gonna have to break a few hearts – you don't wanna be like Tony Bennett..	Tony Bennett... What do you mean
Yeah I did, treasurer. Shouldn't you be studying or something.	Am I bothering you
Take your second position.	OK. Roger
Why am I here?	I was lonely..
What makes you sound so certain?	Arbogast! Sam, he liked me... or felt sorry for me... and he was starting to feel the same about you. I heard it when he called... in his voice, a caring. He wouldn't have gone anywhere or done anything without telling us.  Unless he was stopped. And he was stopped, so he must have found out something
How do I know you're tellin' the truth.	Don't have much choice, do ya
Angelo?  He's a pal, a chum...	An arsonist and a kidnapper.  He just got outta prison
You stole my luggage? You--	I'm a thief. Sue me
We didn't know what to think. You were so weird yesterday, and then this morning, we go to the bank and no bag.	WE NEVER SUSPECTED YOU
Oh, the bill. Oh--splendid--I mean--  I--I just can't seem to talk in this suit.  I'll tell you a secret. It's brand new.	Well! You don't say
You take her to a doctor?	No. No, she can't go. Mean to say... they's just no money fo'a doctor. Her daddy left for a job, and uh... give her to me to look on. I just...  I don't know what to do
Of course I can, but can't it wait? These things cost money, and this town doesn't have much money.	We have to do something
How do you like my hair?	It looks great. Don't change the subject. You know how busy Saturdays are. And I can't do the icing. I always mess up the roses. You're not being very responsible
So what ' s up with your dad?  He a pain in the ass?	He just wants me to be someone I'm not
Gale shoulda aired that bit first, she's the one who found this clown LaPlante!  She let Channel Eight get a beat on us.	Listen, Deak, what if Bubber <u>has</u> got something to hide?  What if he's the wrong guy, not really the hero...
Sir, I am not showing any change in metaphasic flux levels...	Your scanners must be malfunctioning
I don't care.	And I have a terrible past.  For three years now, I've been living with a saxophone player
Coming to the point, please.	Thank you
I was thinking. Maybe we should get married, Carmen.	You weren't thinking...you were dreaming 
A word of caution, Sire: we all remember what happened to Robespierre, Danton and Marat. Put the Marquis to death, and history might even regard you as a despot.	But I am history
The right way and the wrong way.	But how long
Mental instability?	He was adopted you know
Some faces you just don't forget. Warren Pike's is one of 'em.	I don't like it, I don't like it one bit. We shoulda taken that car when we had the opportunity. We'd be half way to New York by now
You want me to rob him?	I...I...We need cash, James
Gonna lose everybody out here....	He died fast. And if we got any choice, that's the way we should all go out.  Don't you cry for Johns. Don't you dare
Do you know it?	Every word
If I'd gone public with this yesterday Annette Michaels might be alive today.	Oh GOD Brent, is there anything you don't feel guilty about
I don't want to marry him. I don't want to get married now. I'm on the verge of graduation. I want to go to grad school after this. And then I want to start a career. I don't want to be a wife first, and then have to worry about when I'm going to fit in all of the other stuff.  I've come way too far and studied too hard to let my education go to waste as a housewife. And I know that's what I'd become. Sang's already signed with a major firm, and he's going to be pulling a huge salary, which would give me no reason to work, and he's so traditional anyway...	Sang? His name is a past tense
So why are you asking me?	I like talking about it.  At least, to you
You mustn't let what he said bother you. It was only words.	Words can hurt very much
But when you finLsh a job, afterwards do you think about them?	Sometimes
If the ship goes, so does Jaso.	Rizzo pull the fucking lever
What do we do?	Wait
No, he can't.	Then why, Beth?  Why go in?  Why put out explosives?  Why manifest the snakes
What're you trying to say, Captain --	You'll see soon enough -- get going, sailor -
Were you on hop?  You were passed out when you got arrested.  Were you hopped up, Ray?	Ty and Larry fuck with that shit, not me
I read your teen beat manifesto.	You did
You should go home.	Can't I stay a little longer
That's true. I'll rephrase it. I saw you in court.	When
There's a nice boy.	Yeah
Antidote to what?  Whose disguises?	Arachtoids.  From Planet Ten
I would if I could get some sleep.	Yes, you have a dream.  And maybe you accomplish your dream.  But yet you failed.  Why
We barely have enough power for life support as it is, if we can't stop the drain, we're not gonna make it.	The Core...
What kind of job... ?	A boost. A big boost ..
Well, I guess they do those things. Well, I trust you had a good year.	Good year? Well, between you and me, Mr. Carter, we're broke
That's a simple subject.	Look, we're stuck here front and back. It's dinnertime for you, game time for me. Let's park the cab and go to Mannion's. What do you say, Matthew? We'll drink beer and talk baseball
Jerry told me you were an expert with animals, Mr. Galbraith. Couldn't you tell where it went?	To know where that leopard went - — I'm afraid you'd have to be a leopard and think like a leopard. I was a naturalist. That hardly qualifies me as an expert in hunting down lost leopards. I used to teach zoology in a little fresh—water college back East. I gave that up
I think, you know, maybe he went across the street or somewhere else or somethin'. I don't know.	Well, listen, uh... Good luck with the joint, huh
Yeah, her name's Kavlova, why?	See if she can donate some paintings or something to hang on these walls, give it a bit of atmosphere
What is it?	It's a souvenir from the 1964 World's Fair at Flushing Meadow.  It's my lucky coin
What have you done to me? You've condemned me to hell.	I don't know any hell 
Why is it necessary for the Chinese to keep so many soldiers in Lhasa?	To protect. To serve you. Chairman Mao wants you to feel that China belongs to you now
He didn't hurt you or anything, did he?	You mean, did he try to jump me?  No, but he was kind of talkative
My little French.	Stop. Get away
Did you try to kill...	What
You can't laugh at it, huh?	Can you
That's why I'm calling, Miss Price...	Missus..
Well, Miss... I would say... I would say, yes. Yes, he's crazy.	I thought so
Yeah.	Oh, I would love to hear it
Dead.	Dead
No, this is the home of the Oglala Sioux and I want the dog-fucker who killed Leo. Whether you get him or I get him, I just want him. Shit's been goin' on too long.	You've got no jurisdiction
If the fruit burst into flames I'll be prepared.	You're so clever
How do you feel about that?	I don't feel anything
Pussy.	Take the first shot at me
Sure.  For five bucks.	That's ridiculous
We see each other every couple of months.	Every couple of months, huh
It's gotta be right for my customer.	Your customer, eh
Yeah, that was easy.	Do you do washing machines, too
Wait a minute.  Promise me something.	Anything.  Anything
Yeah. Yeah, it's a gift.	I just had the unpleasant sensation of hearing you referred to as my husband
I have an appointment with him, right here, right now.	Go live in a tent
Just finish eating.	Oh, am I holdin' up dessert
Yeah. That was me.	Why
He had a mother and father -- and he knew them.	One in a million, I suppos
I'm sorry, about this...	You should be
Don Ciccio, I've got an idea...You remember that old abandoned movie house where they're supposed to build those low-rent houses?	So what's that got to do with it
I'm not.	Well you own a lot of land
Why did you leave that stuff in about you being the director?	Because I am the director.  Don't you realize, if it wasn't for my film, for my talent, my idea to do this - no way would we be sitting here right now
Oh, yeah, I'm thrilled.	Sarcastic right?  You know the boys in the band are probably gonna stay over tonight. We'd be glad to have you
OW!! YOU CAN'T DO THIS TO ME!! THIS ISN'T FAIR!!! YOU SONS A BITCHE--	Success!! Our device works perfectly! We will begin mass production immediately
I just remembered I have urgent business in this direction.	What business
Promise me it'll always be like that.	Like what
Is she looking now?	No! She's not looking at you. She hasn't looked at you once. Will you stop asking if... Wait, she just looked
Not a chance.	Come again
What you boys doin' up at this ungodly time o' the night?	Prayin', brother. Prayin'
That is correct.	This is from the Highest Authority
Mother, she's just a stranger!  As if men don't desire strangers, as if... oh, I refuse to speak of disgusting things because they disgust me! You understand, Boy?	Go on, go tell her she'll not be appeasing her ugly appetite with my food... or my son! Or do I have to tell her, cause you don't have the guts? Huh, boy? You have the guts, boy
Shit, stop with the money!  I never asked for a nickel.  I was just doing this.  And you have to fuck it up with a price tag.	I didn't mean to.  It's just the way I am
Who gets contaminated, the Jews or the gentiles?	Good question. Both.  Aleph..
...And look, I'm sorry as hell about the interruption. Too much revelry late at night, you forget there are other people in the world.	See you, Charlie
Hello, McCoy.	Beynon
Lao She.	Nee chin lie how ma
Could not. Could not betray the girl to whom I was betrothed.	She was not as beautiful
No need to be modest, Brian.	No, you don't understand, I saved a mannequin
I met you at my father’s funeral.	Yes
Emily, you're being - a little unfair -  You know what I think of Charles' behavior - about your personal lives -	There aren't any personal lives for people like us.  He made that very clear to me nine years ago - If I'd thought of my life with Charles as a personal life, I'd have left him then 
A star is...	... digitized
"People gonna walk into this place and say, ""Ola, hijo!  That some crazy wallpaper.  Whew...it wild! Is that a Jackson Pollack?"""	"""No, viejo.  That was José Yero, splattered all over his motherfucking wall."
Well, I think you should tell him you changed your mi...	It's no biggie
Yeah.	Yeah, hey, oh god.  Listen, I wanted to... I don't know you very well, you know, but I wanted to ask you, how did you get Diane Court to go out with you
Well, yes.  I suppose I am a bit anxious.	They're ready and waiting.  You'll soon be with old friends
Cooper, the ooze of mumbo jumbo is rising up above our heads. Do you honestly think Cole's practice of word association works?	The very fact that we are talking about word association means we are in a space that was opened up by our practice of word association. The world is a hologram, Albert
Now I	Want to come again and sta
No, no. Not lovely. 'Perfect'. Did everything just right. Nobody telling you to change this, move that around. Please yourself. That's the secret of happiness.	Are you happy, Zaltar
But until then... it's you and me... the way it always was.	Yes
Miss Rustokov refuses to let total strangers drive her car.	Oh. I see
I'm not sure yet. Ask me again later.	What's the story behind you takin' a cab to the most dangerous part of town alone
No -- it's my 22nd.	Of course it is.  Any favourite among the 22
I'm gonna call him.	Annabelle, daddy and I will always be there. That's one time always is always.  You can call him after dinner but..
General Bonaparte?	Come back in an hour
Yes.	And he was with her
Bastard!!!	This is all a mistake. Jack, please take that mask off
That's logical. And if you don't sleep, you don't need a bed. Saves you money, too.  So what's this story you're working on, anyway?	If I tell you, I might not be able to finish it
Why you keep dancing on my head for, my man?  We been thicker'n molasses pie since law school.	Because you keep conning me, Dean. I read your testimony to the Warren Commission and..
Where's your car?	I left it at work
Nice to have a fire.	Really. Turn 'er up a little
No. What about your camera girl? Did she come?	We were interrupted. I had to go back to the set..
I don't need this--I know all about my condition.	It's your heart--you ought to take it with you
Mostly.  Armored cars can be hijacked.  Trains can be derailed.  But nobody can get to us in flight.	I haven't lost a bill in eighteen years, don't jinx me, Walt
Did we want to?	"Only about a thousand times. What do I do now? ""What's good enough for mom is good enough for me?"
What? For chrissakes, spit it out.	I'll be stayin' overnight at... The Airport Howard Johnsons
I desperately need a jeep.  There's been an accident.	I see
No, I was in charge of kind of standing at the microphone and reciting these really depressing lyrics in a monotone. The whole thing was really... irrelevant. How do you like being married?	Oh, I like it. I like it very much
You test each one thoroughly?	You better believe it, buddy. Your average Rolls Royce doesn't have to pass as many tests.  You want consistency?  You want dependability?  You want safety
So do I.  But for different reasons.	And I like you
And what would this be, Sweet and Low?	What the fuck is that shit
You're kidding. When for?	Tomorrow morning, before the store opening
Dudley.	The first guys to the car when Jack and I got there were Bruening and Carlisle
Gabriel -- !	Must have a way with stationery
How much time do you have?	What is wrong with you
What happened?!!!	Ahm.... 
Shit. He must've left it back at Thaw. In the auditorium.	Mmrrmmm... KNAP SAP
Well, she's got to be <u>somewhere</u> here.	No one's been in or out since you left. Would've heard the dogs
How do you feel?	I'm okay. But it's nice to be home
"I never asked if he could ""see."" I just asked one or two of the stud- ents if they remembered anything?"	And did they
Not a soul.	Did he ever marry the girl? Did he ever go exploring
A couple of peons for the mob and...	Oh that's just BEAUTIFUL! All the scumbags in the quiet city of Boston start dropping dead and you think it's unrelated?! Greenly, the day I want the Boston Police doing my thinking for me, I will have a fucking tag on my toe! Now, get me a squad car and get me over there. I want the crime scene photos and any witness statements. NOW
But I survived.  And I still have that single shot.  It's meant for one man.  My mutinous first mate--	Barbossa
Do I know that she's out of the room?  Likely to be out of it for some time?	You can find out the first part. The second part you have to take a chance on
My heart can't take much more of this.  Look, if we climb down from here, it'll take two hours to get back to the station.	That's exactly what I want you to do
I'm kidding, I'm kidding, we're still young, Darien. So what's money anyway when everybody's making it, it's all relative. After all, this is not the house in Connecticut, this is just a crash pad good for a couple of years...before we slip our two lovely kids, Yuppie and Fruppie into the Lycee Francaise.	You got it all charted out don't you, like a stock projection
Bye, Troy!	Bye, Adam
He became obsessed with her. She hated him. He had to have her. He kidnapped them to control her. To make her do things. Then she wanted to commit suicide so he started cutting off ears as a warning to her to stay alive. I'm not kidding. Frank loved blue, blue velvet. He had to have Dorothy cause her whole life was blue.	You seemed to see some very interesting things on your little escapade with Dorothy Vallens
Who?  Who came?	His brother.  You know his brother
You were! You *are*! It was fantastic.	It was just the ether, Wilbur..
You're a natural. You were born to drive a car like this.	You think? Maybe I was.  I love this place
Futterman?	He just couldn't wait..
I did not get the wrong man. I got the right man. The wrong man was delivered to me as the right man! I accepted him, on trust, as the right man. Was I wrong? Anyway, to add to the confusion, he died on us. Which, had he been the right man, he wouldn't have done.	You killed him
The same assurance we got from you.	What if I say shove it
You too, preacher?	I'm like you. I don't believe in vampires, but I believe in what I saw
I got a bad feeling, man. I don't want to go in naked.	You gonna shank him in the shower
... Admiral, what's going to happen to Enterprise?	She's to be decommissioned
"He's not a ""hot rod"".  Whatever that is."	You're not going unless your sister goes.  End of story
What have you done?	I ain't done -
You mean like going to the pictures?	Something like that
You'll have to. He's calling you tomorrow to find out what time to pick you up.	Annie
The porta power...comm kits...got the IR/Thermo camera?	Had to get a liquid plasma screen
How many languages do you speak?	I am fluent in over six million forms of communication, and can readily..
This check is for sixteen thousand dollars.  That's a lot of cash to be carrying around.	I can take care of myself
Toto, this is no film for the common herd. One day'll be more than enough...So tonight, please set up tomorrow's film, so the projectionist who is coming will find it ready.	OK..
I am, sir.	What exactly do you think your job is, Private
I think it would be helpful if I gave you some background on the different personalities Regan has manifested. So far, there seems to be three. She's convinced-	There's only one
-- and an America's Cup Trials...	I'm not talking about day sailing or pleasure boating. I'm talking about working for a living. Sharking
Excuse me, sir...	Did they get my contracts
Yes, sir, he has. The usual -- India's salt belongs to India -- but then he says flatly that he personally is going to lead a raid tomorrow on the Dharasana Salt Works.	Thank him for his letter, and put him in jail
A funeral.	That girl who died on the way up ...his girl 
What do we want?	Mystery. Deception
It's not?	You don't know who the fuck-
Well, what Marty you think is gonna be here in this house with a girl?	Were the lights on
You didn't see this.  Understand?	Yes
I know, but -	All we saw on that screen was a big American 
Clemenza promised Rosato three territories in the Bronx after he died, and then you took over and welched.	Clemenza promised them nothing, he hated the sonsuvbitches
Not a problem unless you're gonna make --	<u>You</u> made it a problem when you let Owens die like that. When you had enough drugs to knock out a fucking mule-team
San Francisco.  And you?	As it happens, I'm headed for Frisco myself
Walter! D-did you see --  -- that?	Yes. Where is he
Yeah.  Yours is nicer.	Oh, okay.  Here it comes
You're not from Alaska!  Where'd you learn to dance like that?!  And there are no starving people, are there?!	Why are you suddenly so mad at me
Sam!!!	Mother? ... What ... what's ... you've got to help me ..
I never was no good with history.	No, I mean your past. About why you were in here.  I'll take you first thing in the mornin'. You have anyplace you can stay tonight at all? I just can't let you stay here. It's the rules. If something happened well, I'd be liable
Excuse me???	What was her name?  The one I met
Do you know him?	Yep
Were you with him, when...	Yes I was... He said his last words to me
I saw you sitting over here. By yourself. I thought, thank God, someone normal, who doesn't know how interact at these things either.	Yeah. I don't ever know what to say
Hi, Lydia.	Is this a bad time
I've been looking for you because I want to let you know what's been going on before you read about it in a gossip column.	We stranded five runners in the first two innings. This will come back to haunt us
Jessica, I'm so sorry.  I...I wanted to have this cleaned up before you got here.	That's all right.  I was just..
Mike, it's impossible.  He'll be met by the Internal Revenue; the Customs Service, and half the FBI.	I don't like it when you use the word impossible; nothing is impossible..
Somethin's in my room.	What is it
Are they on the phone still?	Yeah... yeah
I guess so.	So you understand the concept then. When you're busy here, your work, what your task is, is being executed elsewhere
Ever hear of mai-tai's?  Comes in a big...pot.  Like...like...	A m-missionary
I'll tell you the problem. You behind the wheel. There's your fucking problem.	That's pretty simplistic, don't you think
I need to get my goddamn head examined.  You can't rule something out on a whim. Or because she's cute. I've been following your whims all across the U.S. of A. and now I'm tired! Me!	Wesley..
They shot him at a downward angle.  They put him on his knees.	Excellent! Number two. Greenly
Fine, you don't like this one, which one would you rather wear?	Pants
What did I tell you?	Look, Mrs. Dreyfuss, you don't have to wait around. I'll wash the dishes and -
Even if it's all true - that doesn't make you a witch! It's 1992, Rowan!	But it scares the hell out of you, doesn't it. Michael...
Sam?  Andy gave Sam a nice big desk to park his fat ass behind.	Where do you want this stuff
Very good, sir. I'll have a porter bring it in.	Oh no
Exclusive? That's great.	It cost me four hundred and fifty bucks to tear it out of Cooley
I have.	"Well, I have, too.  Would you do it <u>again</u>...?  In't that why you're here?  I guess <u>so</u>.  N'if you go to war again, who is it going to be against?  Your ""ability to fight a Two-ocean War"" against who?  Sweden and <u>Togo</u>? Who you sitting here to Go To War Against?  That time has <u>passed</u>.  It's <u>passed</u>.  It's <u>over</u>.  The War of the Future is <u>Nuclear Terrorism</u>.  It is and it will be against a Small Group of Dissidents who, unbeknownst, perhaps, to their own <u>governments</u>, have blah blah blah. And to go to <u>that</u> war, you've got to be <u>prepared</u>.  You have to be alert, and the <u>public</u> has to be alert. Cause that is the war of the <u>future</u>, and if you're not gearing up, to fight <u>that</u> war, <u>eventually</u> the axe will fall.  N'you're gonna be out in the street.  And you can call this a ""drill,"" or you can call it ""job security,"" or you can call it anything you like. But I got one for you:  you said, ""Go to War to protect your Way of Life,""  well, Chuck, <u>this</u>  is your way of life.  Innit?  And if there ain't no war, you can punch out, go home, and take up Oil Painting.  And there <u>ain't</u> no war but ours"
It's all right. Trust me. Don't move.	All right! A little higher! Just a little higher
Have you gone to the police?	No
What is?!	Show business
I'm sorry, this is too good!	What part of 'Off the record' don't you understand
Could we moovf to table?	Oh, of course
He's the headmaster of Daisy's school.	Oh, perfect!  He reminds me of Ichabod Crane.  His Adam's apple keeps jumping up and down whenever he gets excited. HANNAH  Listen.  He's a lot better than your ex-husband.  He's got a good job.  Would you light those, please? He's-he's-he's not a dope addict or anything
Bert's OK, sure, he's a good man. I won't kid you though, Ed, nobody around here has any experience with this kind of, er... And I hear they're bringing a prosecutor up from Sacramento. Capital offense. Taking it seriously... Hmm...	So-
Farther than you think. You'll get lost. You will. And there's Bees all through the jungle. I ain't lyin' to ya. Religiosos don't lie.	No. They just try to hold you for ransom. Fuck you, Moses! I'm outa here
You'll need to recultivate that virus.	No problem
Access established.	Select uplink for Federal Communications Office.  Department of Enforcement
I'VE TOOK AS MUCH OF YOU AS ANY MAN CAN YOU'VE LOST YOUR HEART	YOU'VE LOST YOUR CAUS
Subs are still at surface, sir.	Send them, damn it!  I know, but I'm not gonna be held responsible -
She's with me.	Who the fuck are you
You sure that's how you spell it?	Yeah
You said entrance wound in the forehead, no exit wound.	Yes sir
How do you do?	Verb - Roger, this is Edie Finneran. Edie, this is Roger Kint, he was a
I thought you'd quit while you were ahead.	What, and watch all my earnings go...  Down the toilet
If you're for real, you're looking at a million credits for viewing rights alone. Doesn't include touring and guest lectures. When can you get them here?	I'll reset our course . . . 3 hours
This a friend of yours?	He is now
I think you're right.  Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?	Something that brings warmth to my heart.  Duckbill platypus
It's my day off.  I thought I'd help with the plumbing.	I need you to do me a favor
How could you do this?	The Colonel helped me work it out
I don't write the questions.  I just review them.	What's all this for
This is what family is for, Ed! This is when ya come together!	Yeah
Subway.	How long does it take
I just bet you are, too. And now you're trying to rope me.	Join up with you! I watched you, Roy, I've been watching you, wondering if I should talk about this at all, or maybe just..
I'll come.	Uh, I don't, honey. Branding? Oooh... I think we'd just be in Mr. Booker's way
I always knew you'd end up in a crow's cage.	Least I'm not down there herding sheep
You wouldn't get mixed up with that little rotter, would you?	No? Give me a chance, baby. Money is music in my ears, and when his old man kicks off there'll be a million dollar tune
Christ.	You didn't
...got promoted to two stars, but he was never military, you know, always CIA.  Went to Vietnam, lost his credibility when we got beat over there, retired, lives in Virginia. I say hello to him when I see him at the supermarket...	Ever ask him
Hi, sweet stuff.  Good news.	Can't be good news coming from you
Can you fake the cerebral output?	We're years from that.  John, I'm asking you: please, come in, we'll shut down the system until we get this thing figured out
Just as well, Lenny.  You gotta get past it.  I mean sure, Faith was by far the most outstanding woman a guy like you could ever hope to get, I mean it's completely and deeply humiliating that she's gone, but it's over, campadre.	Thanks, Max.  I'm touched by your concern
It's what he would have wanted, sir.	What he wanted?  Look... look at him. Look at him!  What does he want?  This is a person.  This is not a cog in your machine..
Poor Laurie. You scared another one away.	Cute
No, some creep asshole trying to scare me.	It's hell week. Chill. The movie murders have brought out the crazies. It's nothing
You've got the wrong Jones, Mister Donovan. Why don't you try my father?	We already have. Your father is the man who's disappeared
What?	To let it dry
That's O.K.	Can I take you to lunch
You sure this is a good idea? DOBISCH Can't think of a better one.	I mean - barging in on your mother -- in the middle of the night
You don't remember anything else from that last night you saw him, do you?	I told the story enough times--hell, we were just in the car, he was stewing about the fight with Buddy while we drove over to Roderick Bledsoe's-
Don't like her?   What's wrong with her?  She's beautiful ... she's rich ... she's got huge tracts of land ...	I know ... but ... I want the girl that I marry to  have ... a certain ... special ... something ..
His mother's side.	His mother's an only child
Could have been anytime.  Anywhere.	If it did get to him
He's weird.	He's quiet
How many you killed, Kid?	Five. I killed five of 'em.  That counts a Mexican I killed.  He come at me with a knife
You're too responsible. But no. I have to go home first. They don't even know I left school. And I should break the disengagement news to my mother, which is going to cause quite a row, considering she loves Sang.	Who doesn't
"""Liebestraum."""	Look, Miss Channing... it's kind of depressing. If you don't mind my saying so, everybody's kind of dying on the vine..
I love you, too.	Now she tells me
You know what a phone booth is?!	The bomb was meant as a demonstration of our sincerity.  If you want the Ambassador's daughter back alive, listen and do not talk
You're going to blow it, Peggy Sue. Nobody treats Charlie Bodell like this.	And why do you always refer to yourself in the third person, like Napoleon? How come it always turns into an argument with you
In Hollywood the fiercest bulls are the most brutally killed.	I'll remember that
I don't know ...	Please
Stop the crying.	She's yours.  What are we waiting on
Tactical analysis, Mister Worf.	Fifty-two disruptor banks, twenty-seven photon torpedo bays, primary and secondary phased shields
What weapon?	Sunlight
First you got to sign a receipt.	Where's the money
Yes, Mama.	I don't want you drinking, Frances
Yeah, that's what I think.	All right. That's what I want. Poolroom with a little handbook on the side. Getting old
Mr. Deeds, are you the son of Dr. Joseph and Mary Deeds?	Yes
What happened, Joey...?	I can't talk now
From the way she carried herself I could tell she'd been around the block a few times...	Sorry I'm late. Traffic was a pisher, and I've been circling the block for the past half hour looking for parking. What are you listening to
Not for me. Miniature golf's for pansies.	If the Japanese are pansies, then pansies are my kind of people. Sheila steps over to the booth with their food. The Buzz Burger has three holes cut in the middle to make it look like a bowling ball. Buzz sees the two sleazeballs park their car and walk towards the diner
Huh.	Before he can get there here comes this Federal Marshal, and Franky's indicted for Jury tampering, they throw him in jail, he's gonna be disbarred, his life is over.  Jimmy, gimme another drink.  How are you
Come on, get going, get going!	Get going where? I can write that yarn without stepping out of the office
Wish I was.  Oldest part of the system down there.  We're on it, but it's gonna take awhile.	We gotta go underground.  Get those guys out, now
We HAVEN'T fired -	According to the data bank, we HAVE - twice..
Don't worry.	I'm sorry, Eddie.  I'm so sorry
Yeah. Did you get some sleep?	No, how about you
Inspector Halloran, that is so much bullshit, you don't like or admire me, but the beautiful part is I don't give a fuck.  That's the upside of having a breakdown.	Well, it's a hell of an apartment you got here.  I'm living one step away from the projects, myself, but I get to go to work every day, wading in blood and guts.  I guess the books you wrote about these sons of bitches paid off pretty good
The prom -- you going?	Oh, I don't know. I think proms are pretty dumb
No one's ever stood up to my brother the way you did.	But you didn't do much about it, Susie.  You walked out, and there I was...solo...and not too good at that
Meaning these are the people you live amongst, you got a right to know if they're creeps. For instance, did you know there's a guy down the hall cheating on his wife?	You picked that up on the scanner. We gotta move
You have no idea what precipitated his behavior?	... And now he's holding our people hostage down there..
But why ?	He couldn't get through a sentence without all these big words; about why we kill
Can you tell from that if a big man- eater is around?	Sometimes.  Look here -- something big, probably a school of mackerel clumped together. And staying right with us
You know what I said, though.	I can't, Barry..
Patrizia... Patrizia ... Where's Ettore?	I imagine he must be inside sleeping
I'M WHAT?!	You are to turn over the Sid 6.7 program, and all its documentation, for immediate destruction. Is that understood
We are launching a major offensive to expand our foraging territory...	Yes, what else
Awhile back, Dick and Barry and I agreed that what really matters is what you like, not what you are like...	Yeah, but if you heard this band called the Crumblers, you'd -
You know the joke: a Jew's shipwrecked on a desert island. When they rescue him, they see he's built two synagogues. They say, for vhat do you need two synagogues? He says, vun to pray in, and vun I'd never set foot in so long as I live, so help me God.  You pray in the one you'd never set foot in...and vice versa.	I can't help what I think
But, I've already put her on the search and detain list.	Take her off the list
Kathy Price...	Yes..
I just told you.	I mean, it's not true, is it
I have no secrets from my family.	Loretta, I can't marry you
Follow the RichWhiteMan...	Not bad.  Now every crime, somewhere, has a rich white man taking his cut. Every single one.  Now in our case, we know the rich white man is Steven Reign
[If you wanted a good steak, you should have gone to Omaha.]	Let's go someplace private, Murman, I have something for you
You're damn right. But the first time you say anything about this, to anybody -- you'll go straight to prison for the rest of your life. What's your name?	Alice. Just ring Linen Service and ask for Alice
English Lit.	Jeez, man. But you're good at it
Nono, it's like hot or something. I don't know.	Joey, a garbage file holds miscellaneous data. Junk. Bits of stuff that's been erased, man
Well - what is he now?	He's half poodle and half watch dog 
Shit yeah!	Okay, but how does all this add up to an emergency
That's not going to happen, Dennis.  They won't give you a helicopter.	I'll give you these people
Who's dead?	My mother-in-law.  Fire engines, pulmotors, doctors, cops, coroners-
I'd rather be with Mommy.	She's <u>dying</u> and <u>Rache</u> is your mother now
I like that image.	You know how I spent last weekend? Walking his damned dog
Shit, now someone's gotta climb down there and get him.	You didn't have to shoot him, Bo. We coulda just beat him up some
Coulmier, you animal!	I DO NOT MEAN TO FLIRT, MARQUIS
Not too quickly.	What
It'll be tight, but we should make it.	What about our warp signature? It has to be strong enough for them to detect
Something simple. A fur coat over a nightgown...	The point is - in the cathedral, a ball park or a penny arcade - we want to have you two beside us our nearest and dearest friends
Well tell 'em, honey.	We're getting married
Follow that boat!	Right you are, governor
Quid pro quo, Doctor.	The significance of the moth is change. Caterpillar into cocoon into beauty... Billy wants to change, too, Clarice. But there's the problem of his size, you see. Even if he were a woman, he'd have to be a big one..
Shit, Dude, I didn't know.  I wouldn't've done it if I knew he was a fucking crybaby.	We're sorry, man.  We're really sorry
Er  No.	No?  What do you mean 'no'
Green's the only color that matters under the hill. They got gambling, girls. You oughta check it out.	Maybe we will. Nice meeting you
... When we consider the lineup of the world, we find there are 590 million people on our side, 800 million on the Communist side, and 600 million who are neutral.  The odds are 5 to 3 against us ...	He wouldn't do the makeup.  Said it was for queers
I mean...	...I know what you mean. Two and a quarter. Plus fifteen percent tip to make up for me spending the night alone
It might be for me.	I'm not here. You haven't seen me
I really wanted you to call me, and I thought you were never going to --	You could have called me -
Why don't you answer?	I know I won't be your puppet
You seem to be adapting well to the approved curriculum.	Despite the lack of challenge
God, just think, we'll never see Dennis again.	Good
And before?	Just my church and my boys. We all had to go to school and learn hand talking. I just thank the Lord they can see
A new comedy. By Will Shakespeare!	And his ears
It won't help you.  You can't do anything about it.  You can't change anything.	Change what
What?	That silly-ass look on your face
Listen, we just met for crissake! I'm not that kind of girl!	Don't get your hopes up -- where's the antidote
I understand.	He won't let me go in my house
Listen to me. Whatever you're doing, stop. Pull out.	Too late now
And Outpost? You're happy there?	Yes sir
What's that mean?	Do you think I haven't noticed ... do you think I wasn't aware of the drift? Oh ... you poor unfortunate scuff, they've driven you into books by their cruel, unnatural treatment, exploiting your good nature
Well, if we're friends, why can't we see each other?	I think that we should stop going out on dates
What's the gig?	Two nights
It's not sucking, sir.	Thank you, I can see that.  Try something else
Excuse me, what about the job?	Pardon
And this is exactly the kind of behavior that will give them an excuse to do it.	Lamar, I'm sorry.  I don't know what -
Well, I wouldn't let it get to you.	I just feel sorry for the poor thing
And who are you to talk?  You were nothing.  You couldn't even sing.  I must have been out of my mind.	She's acting weird, Vince.  Ever since we picked her up
A rabbit replicates till it overloads a file, then it spreads like cancer.	Cancer
Re-figure it, Mr. Bernstein, at two cents.	All right, but I'll keep these figures, too, just in case
What happened?	I was paying the check. She ran outside. I told her to wait for me right here! Oh God, where is she? Rebecca
I think so.	"What do you mean ""you think so?"
The Police, then...	Give me a break, Alex.  What are we going to tell them?  Excuse me, officer, but there's some sort of electronic monster loose in the phone lines.  I'd think twice about calling any of those 976 numbers..
It's up or out these days, Cliff. Say I get transferred to a different post--	I'd quit the Army for you, if it came to that
Goodness, Mr. Webster, I've done nothing but talk about that all through dinner.	Yes, you've chatted a lot, woman-like nibbling around the edge -- But, Mary, forgive an old lawyer's legal mind, I don't think you ever once came to the point. And there is a point, isn't there
Nothing I didn't deserve.	Need some help
I was acting as a Private Citizen.  Nothing that I've done should be construed as reflecting on the orders or intentions of anyone with whom you may have reason to believe I am connected with.  Or in whose <u>employ</u>...	Quite touching
Well, I gotta have a talk with Leo, my runaway dry cleaner.	Right. See how your story ends
It just ain't happening --	You'll get the hang of it, kid. You just need to remember one thing 
How did you get here?	We swam. The Atlantic, it's not that big really
Is there a lot of illness?	Some.  But I mean we aren't all so... handsome
I'm supposed to be in Tahoe.	Your dad's really gonna build his house
I can't, sir -- Nothing!	Out of control, and blind as a bat
Just like that?	Just like that -
Yeah.	Jimmy? Ruiz. Pick up Maxie's guineas at LUNA and bring them to Spa.  Jimmy's bringing the car around. Me and Ho rode sleds. We'll meet you at Spa in the VIP room
What are you talking about? What difference--?	Do you
Oh, lots.	Yeah, that's right
We would have sooner or later.	Oh great! He tried to kill me! You knew he would go off if he thought I fooled around with you
Well, I ain't like that no more, Ned. I ain't no crazy, killin' fool.	You still think it'll be easy shootin' them cowboys
Yeah; just ten or fifteen dollars maybe.	I'm sorry, I don't think so
She was good for you.  And so beautiful and intelligent. You knew her, right?	Oh, yeah. Real well. Still do
Not so funny...if you recollect what 'Nawyecka' means...	What's that
Why so many?	Because I have two plans to kill the lions- one involving the cattle, the other the men
What about Dr. Thomas Becker or Dr. Loel Lorenson? There was also a Dr. Gries, I think.	Well, Dr. Lorenson is still here at the hospital. If she was here at the time your father was, then I'm sure she'd be of more help to you
Don't play games with me, Ted.	I don't know, maybe you could poke around for a half day and see if she has five kids and a Labrador
My new bike.	Very funny
No, for real. I think you are the coolest person I've ever met. And you don't even have to try.	I try really hard, actually..
What is it, Claudia?	Oh, Sandro... I'm so ashamed of myself, so ashamed...I tried to hide myself...I feel so small... I hate myself ..
This and that. Toothpaste and whatnot.	What's all them books
The heels on these shoes are very large.  Why have I never noticed this? The heels on these shoes are grotesque.	Her name is Annie.  Annie Reed
What exactly are we going to do?	I said okay
-- What were they doing there?	They were for the fucking boat, Brian
How d'you mean?	It's been a while
Wherever he wants to. I think he's going back to Millsburg where he's from. It's just about twenty miles from here.	Will he be supervised
Probably you're right, but a little while ago, I was talking to a couple of lawyers who'd been assigned to represent the burglars.	So
There's something wrong with every single place we look at! Why don't you just come right out and tell me you don't want to move in with me?!	Because you'll freak out and act like a total psycho about it
He's gonna miss his flight.	Yeah
How'd you like working with Richard Hill?	I loved it...he..
Don't start with your shit. Don't you talk to me. Oh, hey Uncle Gussy, thanks for years of service. Here's a gold watch and a job sniffing other guys' shit eight hours a day. What am I, a retired bus driver?	I need Il Duce
Ed --	No. You screwed up my life just so you could get higher ratings. You never gave a shit about me
We've got rope?	For climbing
Okay. My main man. Marvin Gaye.	Easy. Gunshot. Patricide. Next
They'll be sending you up there soon enough. And not just for a visit, neither.	I slipped in a couple of bottles of my latest batch. Help wash down all them pills they'll be giving you
You broke that idiot's jaw for no reason other than your boredom.  Tell the truth, Roland.  Aren't you even interested in knowing this expedition's quarry?	Ajay.  Go on up to my ranch, take a look around the trophy room, and tell me what kind of quarry you think could possibly be of any interest to me
Is this you?	Where'd you get this
Lemme fix you a drink.	No thanks, Birdie
Pooh!  Pooh!  Best, you are joking.	I never was more in earnest
You think he's got any herb?	I don't know, he quit dealin' but I'll bet he'll smoke us out
Why don't you just go back to your pickin', Homer? I can take care of it myself!	Rose, listen--don't *do* anything. You know, I mean to yourself. Please listen..
Must be a pick-up, a rendezvous.	Then where's the chip
Okay.  Check, please. Can I -can I... Can I... Can I...	You're mad, aren't you
Please, Ted.	Try this one
That sounds to me very remarkable.	It may be, but to my notion, those that monkeys with what they got no business to get queer sooner or later
Walter Gaskell isn't going to send James Leer to jail, Crabs. I know that.	Do you know he won't expel him
Why?	What
No, thanks.	Well, I do
Yeah?	What was your father's name
Uh... okay... um...	Is this the guy with the Mustang
Lois, what are you doing?	When was the last time you heard me sneeze
You don't really believe what the district attorney is saying about Miss Lawson, do you?	I don't know.  It's incredible to think that anyone could be capable of doing that -- but if anyone could it would be Rebecca
He's running a fever.	Still unconscious
But you know my name -- it's Dyle.	Carson Dyle is dead
They've gone to a better place.	You know that's not true
I knew it. 'Cause we wouldn't have heard anything if it was him. He's real careful. Fact is, he's anal.	...Huh
I'm not convinced of that, Mr. President, but your visit has raised my spirits...	Well, I'm delighted to be here, my friend. I've missed you.  Here, sit down, get off your feet
Okay. Thanks.	Nice to know they can't seem to get along without ya
I mean, is there any place in particular where we can drop you off?	Drop me off?  How do you mean
And let's also not forget--let's not forget, Dude--that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent, for uh, domestic, you know, within the city-- that isn't legal either.	What're you, a fucking park ranger now
That's the first thing that ran through my mind when I saw you. I thought this is not the same man that rode the unicycle naked through the homecoming parade.	You did that
And I assure you, you do not In fact I'd be obliged for your best advice. What have your scouts seen?	So far only their scouts. But we have had reports of a small Impi farther north, over there
I'll get if for you.	No! No. Heh. I'll be right back
Yes, ma'am...	Please use your time to familiarize yourself with your new home and if there is anything you need to know, don't hesitate to ask us
What for?	Okay, okay. You win
Madam should sleep.	I've done my hair differently -- do you like that
What--	--oh, Jesus-
But not a knife?	I got this picture of a silver handled gun tucked in his pants.  Like on t.v
Will he be back soon?	Doubt it.  He's dead.  The Look Out's a cemetery
Is this cause of me? Because of the story?	Well what the hell did you think was going to happen
Why?	So you can keep on getting well before you have to go and do this. It's not going to be easy, Nicole. Do you understand that
Listen to you.  What language are you speaking?	Get out of my facial
Why not? The future of our race runs through your bloodstream. You've got the best of both worlds, Blade. All of our strengths and none of our weaknesses.	Maybe I don't see it that way
Oh, yeah.	But I go nuts.  It's a conflict
Hello there, Picart.	Ah, Didier -- you are alive
You kicked us off your turf, Merk. Don't rain on our parade.	Mr. Nelson, you disappoint me. First you break our school board rules. Then you break the law
Did Bobby give you that or is there someone new?	Leland leave her alone... She doesn't like that. Stop it
Sharon's far from a slut.	And when I finally agree to spread my legs, you accuse me of treating you like meat
What for?	We need medical officers for short- arm inspection starting the first afternoon out
A ring.  I wanted a ring.	You did
Don't sweat it. Well. 'Night, Jeff.	Oh, Professor Tripp? You know, last semester, what I said that time in office hours -- I hope there's no hard feelings
Allowing Max to see you and hear what you've got to say.	I don't communicate very well through a shroud
Doris, Murray's widow, finds out about this Martin Weir thing and says since Murray and I never had any written contract, she wants five hundred grand for the script.	So you're thinking what if I was to put you next to my dry cleaner. Ask him if he wants to invest his money in a movie
Another thing; there's an old man who lives here on the island...	I know, I know. One thing at a time
Do his job? I'm not a cold-blooded killer.	Wait a minute-
So?	So there's an urban myth, well more of a rural myth, going around here at the moment. It's about a beach
This brother from my college.	He's in college
No, no, on the football field. They called me...  ...The Smallville Flash.	Hey, man, that's a great name for a cocktail
If the incident happened the way you say it did, there hasn't been an infraction.	Thank you, Sergeant Major
Funny, we just drove right in.	Well, I can assure you, it won't happen again.  Thanks for your concern.  Goodbye
I'm sorry, I've never seen any of them.	Look again if you like
That reminds me of a film I saw once of a guy who got out of his car at Lion Country Safari to take a picture of a lion cub and got eaten by the lions.	Oh yeah, I heard about that. I always thought it was bullshit
My Daddy was one of the first mens to organize soil conservation in these parts. That's a group of farmers, you know, each season they'd rotate the crop. Know why it's best to rotate em like that?	Uh-uh
Look, will you come on a walk with me tomorrow?	I might
You don't like that you don't know how to play him.  He doesn't follow the same rules of politics you do.  That makes him dangerous.	You cut to the heart of things, don't you?  What about Lynn Bracken?  She going to be a hooker all her life
I know who you are.  You're the policeman Bud told me about.	Really?  What did White say
Found it.	Tell us the truth.  You don't just find these things, at least not in this neighborhood
Perfect timing.	This goes out live
The Historical Society wanted this and I never would give it to them --	Granny's dress.  Oh, Mom
Only minimum security.	I see
Seems like it.	Put the girl on
Coffee.	No, thank you
230 Giga-Hertz. They use that band for the Aquacade Spy-SAT uplinks.	I don't know what that means
The Shark's mouth.	What shark
Sex.	Could you be more specific
Aw right, he runs the numbers outta the south side.	And a packing company, a chain of Savings and Loans and half the politicians in Chicago and New York. There ain't a fix in the world gonna cool him out if he blows on ya
Once you look at it, you're going to want to buy it from me. That's guaranteed. And that's the price: five bucks. So if you're not willing to spring for it, you might as well not bother to look. It'll just tear you up inside and make you miserable.	Son-of-a-bitch. You're some piece of work, aren't you
Ayuh, only it's early, I need a drink to wake me up.	I got some
Well, they're a good outfit.	Yah, if you're an engineer, yah, you could do a lot worse. Of course, it's not, uh, it's nothin' like your achievement
...Stop jivin'!	Cover the ribs -- Look here, elbow down, tight -- Tight -- stand straight -- you're the best, you're the best
Uh... yes. Not for us. No woman in jeopardy. Find me Dr. Quinn Medicine Woman. Find me a true story about a crazed killer stalking beautiful women.	No
No?	No--I'm sorry. I merely saw him home. I'm not supposed to tuck him in and give him his bottle. That's McGann's job
Have you read the story on Elvis?	No. Not yet
The penitent man is humble before God.	Penitent. Penitent..
Please....shoot me.	And if I don't? If I don't you'll come back after your death. You'll come back and find yourself hanging there...wanting to eat...needing to eat human flesh. You hate that thought, don't you? That's the ultimate sin for most of you fools, isn't it
No.  Are you're leaving?	No.  I just came by to apologize
You sure you don't know nothing about this?	'Fraid not
Did he try to kiss you?	All week long
"His wife was trying to escape; they caught her on the stair, and set upon her with bayonets.  ""There but for the grace of God""... eh, Doctor?"	I don't shed tears over the past, Monsieur Delbenè; I look to the future
You're telling me the cause of death on the report is false. That this man didn't die from an explosion, or from flying debris.	I don't know what killed this man. I'm not sure if anybody else could claim to either
No.	What
You should sit down, darling.  She's quite all right.  Are you pregnant?	I don't think so
You stayin' in or not?	I'm in
Hello, Travis.	Hello, Betsy
What for, Sheriff?	We have a warrant.  To search your boat
But with these down, doesn't that pose a major security concern if, as you say, you have to keep an eye on everything at all times?	Well, we were worried about dust and debris from the work being done ruining the cameras, so-
And he's right!  A ballplayer on a streak has to respect the streak. They don't happen very often.  You know how hard this game is? If you believe you're playing well because you're getting laid or because you're not getting laid or because you wore red silk panties--then you are!  And I still think Thomas Pynchon is full of shit.	I want you desperately
Yes sir.	And wake me, of course, if anything becomes in the slightest degree doubtful
That's a filthy habit.	I said okay, Jake
So, what's new anyway? How's Verdell?	Your neighbor -- Udall -- is taking care of him
I signed that bill! I signed a dozen a those aggi-culture bills! Everyone knows I'm a friend a the fahmuh! What do I gotta do, start diddlin' livestock?!	We cain't do that, Daddy, we might offend our constichency
It's not going to hold your weight.	Just stay there, Nell
Sure! The fight's in the open now-- to a finish--!	And if he can raise public opinion against us--if any *part* of this sticks-
Now I understand why the soldier went away just before the end. That's right, just one more night and the princess would have been his. But she, also, could not have kept her promise. And...that would have been terrible, he would have died from it. So instead, for ninety-nine nights at least he had lived with the illusion that she was there waiting for him...	Do like the soldier, Toto! Go away! This land is cursed.  When you're here every day you feel like you're at the center of the universe, it seems like nothing ever changes. Then you go away, one year, two...And when you come back, everything's different. The thread has broken. You don't find those you were looking for, your things no longer exist. Isn't that the case?...You've got to go away a long time, for many, many years, before coming back and finding your people again, the land where you were born...But not now, it's impossible. Now you're blinder than I am
Did you bring investment advice for me tonight?  It was tax shelters, wasn't it?  Swiss debenture-swaps.	MPG Capital
Well, no. I'm doing one on high school students, in fact.	What for
He's on the list.	Show me. Show me where it says Screech on the fucking list
CONTINUED	Well, the only important aspect of the mission are: where are we going, what will we do when we get there, when are we coming back, and... why are we going
She was a lady in distress. She wouldn't let me help her. Got a lot of pride. I like that.	Oh, I do too, sir
... And by you, Mrs. Peel. Everything points to you.  No sisters?  No undiscovered twin?	Not that I know of.  Explanation
Suit yourself.	Nobody leaves
Hello?	I need to talk to you
What?	Your wire Ester - she passed away
Yes, I do, as a matter of fact... and to prove it I have not gotten personal and you have. Why aren't you at work? You're not sick -- you don't look sick... just very tired and bitter.	My son is sick, okay
What if he's kidnapped?	He's not kidnapped he's -- he's just hiding -- he's just -- BENNNN?  GODDAMMIT
Who?	Sister Marguerite I think
Somewhere in the middle.	I'm not going to think about what they're not teaching you in school.  I am not going to think about it.  Generally speaking I think we should rule out people who don't live somewhere near here -
No, I'm just saying --	I'm a little sick of this American Family Ethic everyone seems to be hypnotized by in this country. I guess you think I'm just some poor displaced soul doomed to roam the earth without a self-cleaning oven and home movie
Captain, we're receiving transmission from Paradise City. They're demanding to know our intentions.	Respond with static. Let them think we're having difficulty. Which wouldn't be far from the truth
I've got a lot of energy.	Listen--we know you're involved in this--we're going to get the story, why not help
Four or five days.	Oh, very well. I'll just spend the weekend alone by myself and take a little rest. I should be used to it by now
"I remember when I first started reading these I thought DWF stood for ""dwarf!"""	What does it stand for
Answer the question. You knew Sidney's mom?	Who
When I have no reason to doubt.	The very fact that they're authorities should give you reason. People will do anything to protect their own interests.  For all you know he was killed at the <u>hands</u> of the police
What would you like, beer?	No, just a coffee
Hell no! Jesus, I'm the kind of guy, I'll let you know if I'm bored. I find it all pretty damned interesting. I'm the kind schmoe who's generally interested in the other guy's point of view.	Well, we've got something in common then
Yes, it's looks good.....We will use this for the soundtrack and we will have two guys up there with the spotlights. The others will just be house lights.	Great....How long will it go for
What do those broads say?	What do they always say
Oh, yes you will my dear - oh, yes you will my dear - you'll wear garters and you'll like it too!	Oh, no I won't my dear - oh, no I won't my dear - I'll wash behind my ears, but no I won't my dear
Donna, you are such a crack up. You don't even like Mike. Is this what you are going to do to show me you are not uptight.	This is about sex, not like.  Mom, Laura's here and I think I will have one of those huckleberry muffins.  You want a muffin
They could've been brothers. It's why the eyewitnesses picked Shu.	Christ... Shu is innocent
Because then I'd have to start taking out girls who like me.	Like you could find on
I have your fucking family.  Don't forget that.	I also have a couple of million in cash. Call Sonny Benza.  Ask if I can keep it
Your pay.	Now?  Why not tomorrow?  After the show
Come on, David.	No
The Stones will be here. I'll see to it personally!	...I can't wait to be among you
Be careful.	I'll call you tonight, afterwards
Mobile technology is the new fix for these niggaz, I'm tellin' you. I'm just lookin' ahead.  Anyways, ain't no money in drugs no more with these rednecks popping cough pills like they's Skittles. Hey, that's what you need, girl. Get you some cough medicine. What, you sick?	Just a cough. Sugar and a spoonful of Jack'll do it
...and we won't clench our fist...	No! No
Hi, lady.	Hi, tough guy.  I guess it worked, huh
Uh huh..and I don't suppose you got the name of this..perfect fare..	Leeloo.
Jim, where the hell have you been?	Nowhere.  I don't have class until second period
Did you?	The needles inscribing the judgement into the flesh of the man.  Very good
What?  It doesn't work that way.	If you don't want my film - I'll call another show.  And they will show it
She's really kind of hot.	She's an attractive older woman
You're the one who's not to be believed.	My name is -
You must think I'm terrible, Hanna.	I do not think you anything anymore.  Just back from the hospital and already you are chasing after boys
What?  The curse'll be lifted?  <u>Will</u> <u>you please</u>!	I... You're not going to understand this
What the hell do you mean going out and leaving Regan by her self! What are you kidding her window's wide open...	What didn't he tell you
Yeah.	He's not gonna win -- not in the end... They never do
I believe they're laundered and sent to some charitable institution. I don't know what the heck they do with 'em. Maybe they use them for dust rags, or pen wipers...	Or socks
Jesus, James, you should've told someone.	Who
I'm totally over her.  Positively.	Me too.  Great stems, though
They did one of these about my ex- wife.  It's called 'The Nutcracker.'  'The Nut-crack-er'... I don't need money.  I need some questions answered.	I'll do my best
I think I'll take them.	A good choice. You wouldn't want to celebrate the birth of your firstborn with a box of stinkers, would you? Remember to keep them in the refrigerator until you hand them out
Stay in the car. I'll only take a second.	Erin. I know you think she's been talking to you
Almost four.	Plenty of time for a nice long nap - we rehearsed most of last night..
In a way. You find yourself trying to say what you mean, but somehow the words change - and they become his words - and suddenly you're not saying what you mean, but what he means-	Do you expect me to believe that you didn't say any of those things - that they were all Addison
Why? So I can realize she's not so smart. That she's boring. You don't get it. Right now she's perfect, I don't want to ruin that.	And right now you're perfect too. Maybe you don't want to ruin that
How?	Use the gifts that Allah has given you
Yeah.  I better not get too close.	Oh, I never catch colds
No.	You don't believe in it
Marty, it's Howie Gold on the coast, he needs your confirmation on a request for money...?	And I need a drink
Aye, sir.	Plot a course for Kronos, Lieutenant
What's that guy's name? Sue?	Sue. His dad was big Johnny Cash fan
Leo's gonna need his hands, Cooch. He does quillwork.	I think Leo's retired from quillwork for the moment
Just got out. Had me thirteen lawyers. Missed the electric chair twice. .. Been out three months. Are you heavy?	I'm not sure..
What do you want to do?  You want to jam up that sonofabitch Krendler.	No.  I want to buy a dog
That's the idea. I'll think about it.	That's what I'd do.  Make sure I got the right guy next time
Did you check out the dragon mouth?	The Dark Prince is here
If you told Michael what I've told you today, I'm a dead man.	When is it finally over?  I want it to be over before my baby is born
What?	Oh yeah. Fuck you, fat ass
All right. Let's take it from the top.	The top of what
"""InGen.""  What's InGen?"	Where does it say that
You know this CITIZEN KANE picture? About Pops and everything?	Uh-hu
Where are you now?	I'm standing next to Kayleigh, my hands are over her ears
It's for Ann . . .	Oh, how nice! Thank you very much
You choose these?	Yes. They will be more help than high-born barons
Oh...and who is it!?	I didn't say anything
This Martian blood...  Let's make a quick analysis and see what we've got!	It might give us something
What kind?	"What the papers used to call a ""gangland slaying."
Vegas!  Can you hightail it back here by three o'clock?	Why
I'm going back to New York in--  Shit!  I'm outta here.	Have you got a job that'll pay you five thousand a day
Well you must go. It is one of the most beautiful places on earth. Of course, I'm rather partial.	Tell me about it, please
I know, Pop.	I'm lucky they don't knock down the building. It could happen anytime. And everything worth remembering is right here
What is up with that weirdo?	I'll go find him
We figure the perpetrator let him out. He's blind and we figure he just wandered off and got run over.	The perpetrator
Okay, Jammer.  No problem.  You stay right here. I have to go there to the end... you'll see my lights.  We'll stay in voice contact.  Just hold onto the rope.  Five more minutes.  Okay?	Yeah, okay.  Okay
Well that's not going to happen tonight. George said Carlton's a nice guy.	Translation: a total geek
Who, Levi --	Childs
Except us.	It IS possible
It's not a distress call. It's a warning.	It gets worse
Do you live around here?	Yeah
I don't believe that.	You will. Time is on our side. Sooner or later, the Thirst always wins
See, it's all how you look at it. If your life sucks, then mine is God awful. I mean, I moved out here partially because I saw how well you were doing. You got in the union, you got an agent. I thought if you could make it, maybe I could too...	I didn't make it..
How did she hide it during the day?	She could have hidden a machine gun in here if she had wanted to
She may not know. Theory goes she may be very ill.	Amnesia
J39 Z186...?	Been there, done that, got the T-shirt
What should I do about my doubt, Teacher?	It is a difficult situation
Quick -- hide in here...	What about you
What is that that smells so wonderful.	I hope you'll <u>find</u> it so.  Yes.  It's <u>good</u> to see you regaining your strength..
You know, I figure that's pretty much how these girl's feel just before they get it.  You think I'm right?	I wouldn't know
I gave you your life twice. I'm asking you to give me mine once. I need the money.	No
I know!	Don't quit, Sarah.  Our son need you
Who is it?	Commander Riker..
I think I... I think I killed him. I stabbed him with something and he fell.	Will you be OK now? I've got to go to your place to see if he's still there. I've got to see if it's... if it's what we both think it is
So would I.	Bring him in
Where's your pet gorilla and the female Uncle Tom?	They're... around
Our Recon flight ?	Ours
Don't do that, you've got the whole garage.	Oh yeah, right-between the power mower and the weed killer
It's the same thing with Veronica.	Leave her out of this
Nothing. Nothing you don't know about. Tomorrow's the big day. Just have the car ready to go if I call or if the Civil Defense Warning comes on.	What happens to you? I'm not leaving without you
Then we shall state another time and another place. Tomorrow at ten in the Prefect's office, with Mademoiselle.	Captain Renault, I am under your authority. Is it your order that we come to your office
Hi.	Haven't seen you around.  Where have you been all my life, handsome
Shut-up!	Please - I beg you, I beg you, I beg you, please listen to me, this is a terrible mistake. Just stop, please, and listen to me.  My wife is dying
Not everyone can have X-ray vision, you know.	Do I detect a note of jealousy
Do you like me?	Yes, I like you
What do you want to do?	I don't know
Oh.  Well, where do we start?	Ask, You're the girl reporter
Don't forget to open it for me.  I can't be opening my own bottle.	Christ
It won't work like that.	Any evidence you collect can be given to the police later, anonymously.  I've thought about it and there's no other way.  If you can't find them... if the only thing that comes from this film is that this is all my husband will be remembered for, well I can't let that happen.  I'm telling you I won't.  If there's no chance that poor girl's memory can be served, then I'll just have to spend my last days trying to forget her
That's just part of the island. It has a very nice beach. Terns nest there.	"Terns... If I help you, Clarice, it will be ""turns"" with us, too. Quid pro quo. I tell you things, you tell me things. Not about this case, though - about yourself. Yes or no?  Yes or no, Clarice. Catherine is waiting. Tick-tock, tick-tock.."
Don't thank me. I should thank you. So long.	So long
Been over to the other mill?	Yeah, I been there
Don't have kids. Other pictures--I don't know--it's nothing I want to look back on.	Like your story is over
Waterford, Vermont.	...you got to get me that street for nothing..
I am the Fifth Avenue Public Library informational kiosk.  VOX registration NY-114.  May I help you?	What's happening to the moon?
Who's that?	Deeds! Who do you think I'm talking about
I have no idea.  I was right. There were experiments. I knew it. I knew it. My God.	How do you know he's telling the truth
I ain't interested in your life story.	Because I was partially to blame. I wasn't around as much as I should have been. I forgot how to love her
I see you! Riding pretty high, ain't you? Look out you don't fall off.	Not me
And how is Officer Stuart? The one who was the first to see my basement.	Stuart is fine
No.	She's blackmailing you, right
What?	After we're outside the kogus
I don't know anything about these things, Jorge ...	But you have a right to let us know what you think
LIKE A VIRGIN WITH AN' URGIN' IN A SURGERY I'LL BE SWINGING -- I'LL BE BRINGING OUT THE NURSE IN ME	THE ART WILL START WHEN I PLAY MY PART AS THE HEALER WHO WILL STEAL YOUR HEAR
Rafe's girl, Evelyn?	You guys know her?!  I gotta have an intro!  Man, I'd like to -
A week, max.  Okay?  Okay?	Go on.  We'll be fine.  I'll feed Jango to the frogs
Right between the eyes!  Down and out! The guy was gone!  I... I couldn't believe it!	You couldn't believe it?  Vince the Prince
Republican?	Sure
I'm not afraid. I'm just saying that Carlos has a thing for his daughter, and if he isn't careful he's going to suffer.	Have you talked to Carlos about your concerns
Mom, you're upset.  Sit down...Please....	I won't have anyone in my family any- where near the water....  Never again...Never...
You're friends with the most obnoxious asshole on the airwaves. The King of the Shock Jocks.  I'm, I'm shocked.	I love you, too, baby.  He wants to meet at six.  What time is it now
You moved like they moved.  I've never seen anyone move that fast.	It wasn't fast enough
That's not much.	It's all I could safely move
Loved?	That. And less strange
Cabana one.	One
I know that I shouldn't butt into things... that are really no concern of mine... but you shouldn't write a letter like that to Joseph.	Why not
He's dead isn't he?	Marie -- look at me -- there's no time for this -
What?	Parlay!  I invoke the right of parlay!  According to the Code of the Brethern, set down by the pirates Morgan and Bartholomew, you must take me to your Captain
That is unfortunate. They will have to wait.	I will only be gone about half an hour
What?	We're not doing anything wrong, do you
Yes, Barbara.  She was very pretty.	Thank you.  Have you been getting the money I sent you
I can see why you liked her.	That was it. We had our crew. Now we needed the Mark
...and then it was all over.  We haven't spoken since.	Wow. That's too bad. He sounds almost perfect
What were the crows after at the school?	What do you think they were after, Miss...
I'm Alice. Mother said you'd be on your way. Mrs. Peel with you?	She was ..
Don't you realize how much I wanted to be you in high school? Just for one minute to feel what it was like to be popular?	Come on! It's not that hard. All you need is one person. Once the right person thinks you're cool, you're in. Everyone else will be too scared to question it
Don't bother.	What
You don't understand.  I recognized his face now come on.	Big deal
It's the truth...  I need you.  I know you're innocent.	How do you know I'm innocent
Hey.	Come over here
We do.	Is there shrimp on it
I think he wants more than your cookies.	Kimberly
We agree.	So... maybe you tell me about your informants in our operations
Compared to what came before? A year of living in the sewers?  A part of that will always be with me.	So I've noticed
And he carried you like this, I suppose.	Yes
So how'd you like LION KING?	Oh, I loved it.  I wish you'd gone
I lost them, that's what happened.	How did they get away
Don't you want me to?	Oh yeah!  Put it in your mouth
And cherry bombs...ash cans...and rockets?	Ok.  For another $5.00 a special on the packs
What, they're looking for her?	No man, she showed up last night at the hotel. We has a great time together. I stayed in her room last night, man. What can I say
...no ...no ...	I mean, you did lose a lot of nice, neat little shit.  The trendy paper lamps, the Euro-trash shelving unit, am I right
You only killed a bunch of innocent people so you could get your rocks off.  That's all.	Innocent?  Is that supposed to be funny? Look at the people I killed.  An obese man, a disgusting man who could barely stand up... who if you saw him on the street, you'd point so your friends could mock him along with you.  Who if you saw him while you were eating, you wouldn't be able to finish  your meal.  After him I picked the lawyer.  And, you both must have been secretly thanking me for that one.  This was a man who dedicated his life to making money by lying with every breath he could muster... to keeping rapists and murderers on the streets
I'll tell ya what you did, smart boy.  You tied into a loaded mark on 47th across from Maxies.  You and Coleman played the switch for him and blew him off to a cab on 49th.  If he hadn't been a numbers runner for Doyle Lonnegan, it woulda been perfect.	You're crazy.  I'm not stupid enough to play for rackets money
Please, don't tell me those things... Not now.  This is my last drink. How much money can you lend me?	Not much. Why
I remember...from always...At first I prayed to you...come and get me... Take me home...You didn't come...	I've come now..
Such the flirt.	U.S. Wildlife won't send anybody without a confirmation
I always am.	Don't get hurt
Popeye.	Yeah
Just hand up on the bitch!  Fuck you, madam.  And goodbye!	That's what I deserve for listening in the first place
Is that the only reason you came back?	Sure. What other reason would there be
It is to be expected on a Sunday.	And on a day of mourning. I never met the fellow but once at your house
No superiors!  No scientists.  No people from the future.  It's just a Carpet Cleaning Company.  They have voice mail -- you leave a message telling them when you want your carpet cleaned.	You... you left them a message
I just said I didn't fuck around.  But you got your head so far up your ass it took a cheap date for you to notice me.	"What, ""Q-man"", did I forget to kiss your ass like everybody else"
It's a type of altered state... it allows a traumatized person to continue functioning.	So she did witness it
If we could scare up some men to play.	We could come to my room
"""I actually feel good about myself?"""	I do
A jeweller's up the West End.  We tunnelled our way under the shop floor from the public lavatory down the road. Filthy work.  Trouble was, the bloody thing collapsed -- <u>after</u> we'd made the grab, 'n all.  Would you Adam n' Eve it.	You mean if they'd nabbed you before you actually broke and entered you would only have been charged with making a mess
There's a lot of counterfeit big bills going around.	Gee! Take a look, will you
This Jimmy's?	You're not gonna catch him. He can shape-shift into different animals. Bear. Elk. Porcupine
Are you sure?	Positive. Hardy, they planned this
Yeah.	That's all right. My axe is named Roosevelt. After Franklin, not Ted. Franklin was the hot one with the polio
Suddenly you seem quite desperate, Mr. Stone --  -- You know I'm a good-natured man. I'm always open to reason. With a little security -- I might--	Anything -- anything. -- You can have it all back -- that money -- the new house -- my farm -- the whole caboodle
Without any doubt, sir. If anything belonging to the girl who has run away is still here on this island...	Allow me to inform you that my daughter is not a fugitive
I got this guy who should know tells me buy Hewlitt Packard but I been burned on tips. What do you think Bud?	Let's see, it closed at uh, 41 1/8...  Up a quarter...very attractive... about average yield..
Wait a minute... slow down... you're telling me Michael Meyers is my uncle?	Yes
Couldn't deal with it.  So I split.	And  things sort of just went downhill from there
They don't have the package.	You think
Well, you know, all I can say is, you're a fucking fool.	Why? Because I give a shit
I wouldn't be seen dead in them. They're dead grotty.	Grotty
I'm sorry, I been real busy.	You were busy? You know, I really was waiting for you to call me
This is funny?? This is tens of thousands of fucking dollars!  You pricks! I'll see you in fucking court!!	Not the only things missing, Nick
Well, you're beautiful.	You <u>might</u> be handsome. I can't tell through all that grime. Besides, you reek of sweat and horses
What about the princess?	You go after the princess. I am an old man and would be of little help.  I must try to find the Crystal
We want to help...!	I thought I was a widow. My husband ... the only man I ever loved ... is dead. For the rest of my life I have to live with that
Johnny, I swear to God, if you open your mouth about any of this...	Me?  I wouldn't say a word to my aunt and uncle...or even your uncle, Charlie..
Karla! Did you tell him I'd be here?	Nope. I told him that you absolutely, positively would not be here at this bar between ten o'clock and eleven o'clock tonight. And then he came anyway
You mean, what's in that thing is immortal?	I don't know.  That's the point
Huh?	They're movin'
Sit?	I've changed my hair, you see. Since our last session.  Those old snaps look rather dowdy now
You're feeling old and you want to start exercising.  A lot of men your age feel the need to recapture their youth.  Don't feel embarrassed about it.	Okay
Really?  What does an attorney speak to his client about at her house until three o'clock in the morning?	You've been following me
He's from Antigua.  His girlfriend was taking too long to put her make-up on. they were late for a party.  Stabbed her with a beer bottle.	That's unique
It's the bitterest of pills.	You two ought to start a stand-up act, because you're just wasting your humor on me
You're kidding.	Bunch of savages in this town
- you who don't have a conscience.	I guess I lied..You can't get both of us out of here, can you
Itís all right, Ethan..youíll bring me back...wonít you...	I always have, Claire.
It will only make you self-conscious.  You'll have to remove your shirt.	Sorry.  Not today
Uh-huh.	What's a long time
I never saw it before.	Positive
What's your axe?	Tenor... Tenor saxophone. Do you..
God yes, Allie. I've gotta say -- that was the ballsiest move I ever...	Holy shit. Holy..
Well, then, how about a ruler?	A ruler
You think that could possibly be a full time job? How many hair colors could there be?	Someone's got that job.  Agent Orange! I came up with that one. Anyway, there are endless color possibilities and I'd be great at it
That's possible. Sir August was convinced he'd met me before. But I'd never met him. Another odd thing. When it rained, he said it was just as someone had promised.	Did he say who
'Thoughts'?  Not a one -- but I did hear a voice last night.	A voice
You take it out. Only you're going to have a riot on your hands.	Every time the men get Red Cross packages you have to think up an angle to rob them
You've got to help me to remain faithful.	Yes, I will
Just how easy is it to build a... device?	With a little training, you could go into a house and just from stuff in the bathroom and kitchen make something that'd finish off that alleged car of yours. Heck, didn't you ever watch MacGyver
Just throw some money around. Money, money, money.	This sounds threatening
Ha Ha! You said, I do. I guess that means we're married.	I guess so
What is it with you people and pain?	We need it.  Sensations are addictive and pain cuts the deepest.  Tattoos, piercings, tribal scarring -- because we regenerate, none of it's permanent.  So we have to take it to the next level. To remind us we're alive
I should hope not!	Gump, you're putting words in my mouth
Those are the Hoyts.	I don't care. They're out
Too much mayonnaise?	Mayonnaise? Donald loved mayonnaise. Why would you think that was the problem.
Kelly's file.  Read it.  You're going to find an angry, sexually confused girl who's made threats on her mother's life and a female lover she'd never identify.	Suzie
Admiral, I don't understand. The Enterprise --	Jim, the Enterprise is twenty years old. We think her day is over..
Well, er -- it looked a little cloudy this morning.	That's right. -- Rubbers, too, I hope? A man ought to be prepared for any emergency
None. And there's another one in the area that's alive. I don't know if it's the only one. I don't know if it was left here by accident or it's part of an inva...	Get the body out of there. Load it on the Air Force chopper and get it to Wright Patterson. They'll take it from there... We didn't expect this, Shermin
You're not a monster, Craig. Just a confused man.	I love you so much
... and your prerogative is to find her guilty...	But we can't do that unless she admits to blasphemy..
Fifteen hundred.  We'll have to stop somewhere to refuel.	We'll refuel in the Bahamas.  I know someone there
The tap. What you do for a living.	I'm a salesman
Not for me.	But why? Just so you can show it all off -- just so everyone can see what a b-b-big man you are?
Then Carmine Fucillo and Tony Blue DeRosa will need to be fitted for slabs.	You want a war
I surprise you? Now that's news.	I mean, your amazement. I could have understood it in any of your companions, but you - who have dreamed and written so much about better worlds. Or is it that you fail to recognize one of your own dreams when you see it
I'm not at the top of the Empire State Building.  I'm here.	Not really.  Look, Annie, I love you.  Let's leave that out of it.  I don't want to be someone you're settling for.  I don't want to be someone anyone settles for.  I have a life insurance policy, I'm fully invested in growth stocks, I have a paid subscription to Home Rox Office, I have no sexual diseases, I have been steadily employed in a part of the economy that isn't soft, I have expectation in the way of inherited wealth, I dress nicely, I am a member of the private sector, an independent voter, I don't watch Monday Night Football, the only thing wrong with me is that I am allergic to wheat, strawberries, penicillin, pollen, nuts and wool.  There are plenty of women who see me as the brass ring.  If you don't -- marriage is hard enough without bringing such low expectations into it, isn't it
And the argument was about the fact that you wanted to be romantically involved and she did not.	Yes
Probably. But we can't win alone. We know that. This is the only way.	I don't want to be a martyr
When I see them all running like that, with their things bouncing around in their shorts, I always picture them naked, even if I don't want to. I have intrusive thoughts all the time.	I'm supposed to be running
Mom?	Here, honey
What did you see?  What am I looking for?	No, it's not here.  This one was different.  More like the pile up and the van going into the lake
Unlikely. All 14 cameras are frozen. Do we call Randy and Phil? Tell 'em there may have been a break-in?	Not yet. 'Love to bust my ass cause I'm not in frigging Mensa.  I swear to God, it's that kid Milo, I told 'em so in the first place, but they didn't even wanna hear about it.  Let's run a printout on card entries
It can't be. Are we truly in hell?	Come on
Tuesdays and Thursdays.  But after Play Practice, I'm yours.	Go you Huskies..
Hey -- your prayers have been answered. I'm leaving.  In just a couple of days.	Really.  Well, that makes two of us
Patrick. Turn on the Light. He turns on the light.	It's a plain end, see? So
Not with your own cloth. Besides, your pockets will be stitched.	What happens if I want to sneeze
It smells damp.	It's just been empty a while
We will wait.	You are late. Hurry
Well?	She thought Benz was at school
Almost certain.	Almost! I'll still bet I'm right, and let you write your own ticket
How's everything at the apartment?	Nothing's changed. You know, we never finished that gin game -
You didn't think I was rolling out of here naked!	Walter, please-
You touched it.	Then have a donut -
I should release Corbett because you want some votes?	This miserable wilderness is a state of the union.  Policy's made here the same way as in the civilized world: at the ballot box.  That's the beauty of it -- these icebox cowboys are living a century too late.  Get them on your side, it's like buying Manhattan for beads.  With a handful of votes you control the greatest frontier since white men stumbled onto the New World
No, cuz, I rather weep.	Good heart, at what
You mean, you'll put down your rock and I'll put down my sword, and we'll try to kill each other like civilized people?	I could kill you now
Mine was worse: I dreamt you picked your nose in public.	That's worse
They were green eyes and they were slit like a lizard's.	They were yellow
Like I say, you wanna hook that up... I ain't in ya way. That switch of hers been all over this town. Got that sickness, you know.	What'chu sayin'
Can I help you?	Yes -- I was looking for Anna Scott..
And that's it?	If you're lucky.  Take it.  There's enough in there to make a life.  Any life.  Just get out now. Get low.  Stay low.  <u>Take it</u>
Erin. I know you think she's been talking to you.	It's not that. Really. It's just... now that he's gone, I think it's time
Ettore must be fed up with me by now.	Oh, no, not at all. And then you know very well that he'll forgive you anything; just as long as you admit to him that you're a worse driver than he is..
Whatta you think you're talkin' about? I got a han'bill here says good wages, an' I seen it in the papers they need pickers!	Awright, go on! Ain't nobody stoppin' ya
I don't need no more clothes, thank you.	Rose, I know what's going on. Homer told me. I got pregnant, too--about a year ago.  I've been through this
He's flying to Sicily. His mother's dying.	More Bad Luck! I don't like his face, Loretta. I don't like his lips. When he smiles I can't see his teeth. When will you do it
I'm recording this.	I thought you were going to let this one through
Have ya been to the Celebrity Room before? With other, uh, clients?	I don't think so. It's nice
I've got you. You keep me busy. I figure we'll get over to the hotel... get checked in, cleaned up... then I'd like to do something I've been thinking about for a long time.	Now wait a minute. There are certain things that have to wait until after the wedding
Wake up?!	From the dream
I told her you would never invent such a preposterous name.	I told her you can forget everything but you never forget your name
I'm talking about a girl you want to fuck, so give me a break.	Well, anyway, do you think she'll be there
Howdy, Mr. Stone. We've come round to ask you if you made up your mind to join the Grange?	What Grange
Sorry.	This is the only thing I was able to save when those heathens surrounded me
So, where are we going?	Wherever you like, Lutece, 21, the River Cafe...or maybe we can just drive around for a while.  Work up an appetite
You don’t say.	That my brother, my husband and your Mr Friedman were linked, that much I had guessed. But that my husband had killed Leon? No
Fight what?	When you were so depressed after you shot Mr. Garrett Jacob Hobbs to death, it wasn't the act that got you down. Didn't you really feel so bad because killing him felt so good?  And why shouldn't it feel good?! It must feel good to God. God does it all the time
It's time for total truth between us.  This planet is not what you intended, or hoped for, is it?	Not exactly
I understand you perfectly.	Have you got it now
What?	At Christmas. To Cortina with Freddie Miles and -
You know why they have oxygen masks on planes?	No, supply oxygen
It says Jade Fox is hiding at Yu's. On the night of the theft there was a brawl near Yu's.  Were you involved?	It was Bo, Sir Te's man.  I hear he followed the thief to the Yus'
That's right.	And what did your team do..
How will I know what she requires?	You'll be sent a message
Okay.  I will, too.	And steal Darryl's fishin' stuff
Really?  Cool.  Tell him his subs are great.	Ah, he's always too heavy on the vinegar.  If you really want a good one, you gotta let me make it
And it's been blue skies all day. It might be perfect all weekend.	It beets being on the mainland
You want to know something? Take the heater away and you're nothin'— take the good goods away, and the kickback and the shakedown cabbage away and the pistoleros—  —away and you're a great big hunk of nothing—  Your guts is all in your wallet and your trigger finger!	Go on talkin'. You're talkin' yourself right into the river. Go on, go on... 
So, you live here alone... I mean with just your brother?	No. There's a bunch a us 'round somewhere... I think Mamma's sleepin'. She sleeps a lot, now... do you want marshmallows
Congratulations on your daring escape. You just missed me by a few seconds.  It's check, Peter.	Let me speak to my daughter
And you and Private Graves--	We were just dancing-
Hi, I'm Rhonda.  Rhonda LeBeck. I'm up here for the semester...	Yeah, geography
Why were you scared?	Dolores was driving too fast
You missed Fourth Amendment law. Unlawful seizure, real juicy stuff. Where were you all afternoon?	Pleading with a crazy man, with come all over my face
Would have been nice to catch that game though.	Well hell, I didn't know Pudge was gonna hit the home run
That's what we are, we keep each other on track.  Prior to this day, we've postured.  We've procrastinated. We've pretended.  We've -- well I can't think of other p-words, but we've probably done them too.	Pontificated
You want to hit the town tonight?	I shouldn't, Mike, it's a weeknight
No -- That's exercises. My coach says you have to do exercise because the vocal chords are muscle and need to be stretched. Every time you stretch them, the middle part sets stronger. That's the place where I sing.	You think I got any kind of a voice
Tell me something Claire, that night in Prague, was it you or Jim that blew up the car and scattered Hannah all over town?	Keep counting Claire
Oh, don't play it small, Charlie. It don't look good on you.	How do you want me to play it? I'm broke
The captain was the nephew and heir of the Minister of Police, Herr Galgenstein, a relationship which, no doubt, aided in the younger gentlemen's promotion.	Your loyalty to me and your service to the regiment has pleased me very well -- and now there is another occasion on which you may make yourself useful to us; if you succeed, depend on it, your reward will be your discharge from the army, and a bounty of 100 guineas
Reprieve.	I know for a fact he didn't take Jonathon. Jonathon went off by himself
Boys, we have to have a difficult discussion.	We already know what you did. We saw it on television
I had to see you.	Look, I don't think this is a good idea
I'll kill myself.	The wife of Harold Ryan is going to marry a pansy next?  This is the end of Western Civilization as far as I'm concerned.  You must be crazy as a fruitcake
She was not as beautiful.	No, she was not as beautiful
"It isn't that -- you said, ""have to go."" What could compel you --"	Don't make me tell you, Jason
I was working in the compressor, and out of nowhere the supervisor calls me up to the office and says, we're gonna give you a shredder machine, and send you on down to the warehouse.  We want you to get rid of all the documents stored out there.	Did he say why
I know, Letty. But the incident with Zach was frightening for the children.  Now if you'd come to me, explained what was going on...	Believe me, I wish I'd understood what was going on. I've worked really hard to get better
You were unfaithful, it sounds like your confessing.	I did more then that
What's a revival tent?	It's a place where religious people-
Can we chance moving him?	Please - - chance it
I just bet you would. Don't even think about it. Besides, I want to have one night's sleep in an honest- to-goodness bed. The beds in the home are okay, but they're not like a real bed.	Hey, if we go to a motel, we can swim
Pair'a nines.	I kin see that, brick head. I mean your hole card
Yeah, right.	No, I'm serious
What about her?	Of course..
I can't. I just left home.	You're too young. You should be in school
And you're going to lead us.	Yeah. Me
I'm sorry.  I'm not sure how this works.  I have to go out... is that all right?	Uh..
No.	Then let's assume I don't
He can't sit still.  Just when we arrive at a nightclub he wants to go to another one.	You look tired
...this's <u>good</u>...	Stanley Moss, Ladeesngennlmen... And she says..
From their tone of voice on the phone, I'd say they're taking us more seriously.	Yeah, I heard that one before
Have I ever steered you wrong?	Cuff'em.  Let's see what these two love birds say once they're sitting in separate cages
Dude, this is all I got.	Sorry, man, no can do. But I'll be here for a while if you scare up the extra gravy
Really?	"Yes.  I'm embarking on another bus- andótruck tour of ""Dracula."" Twelve cities in ten days, if that's conceivable"
But you wanted to fuck me first.	Oh, Maya. No
Well, you know, however you want to put it -- I got your information from the publisher of the article. I called Montana and your sister-in-law, I think, gave me this number.  I'm been hot on your trail you could say because I was hoping you'd consider coming to New York and taking a look at my daughter's horse and possibly --	Ma'am, I'm very sorry about your problems and I appreciate what your daughter must be going through, but I'm afraid you've misunderstood whatever it is you read. I don't do that sort of thing
How was your tour?	The usual
Dad?	I love this guy
Nine.  I think.  Maybe ten.  Yeah, ten.  Nice kid.	You got a ten year old attorney, Bernie
No, I'm not sure I could begin to imagine... So, where'd you go?	To a party in the Hollywood Hills
The very spear that pierced the side of Christ as he died on the cross.	Your mother told you that
It might as well be fifteen-hundred dollars, because I don't have the money.	Then you ain't gonna have the car
How can they just go back to work as if nothing happened?	What else can they do
Or it found us.	We have a surprise guest star waiting in the wings
WE'RE HOOKED!	We're hooked. Hove into position
It's... an eagle?	Look closer
I think the only think you've left out are our relations with the Soviet Union. Sweetheart, everything's gonna be all right.	Before or After I have my nervous breakfown
I also need someone who can read and write.	This I can do.  I was studying at the University of Paris -- till the English invaded it
No.	That means it's good
Don't give me a hard time Walter! You don't want to get me mad!  You're coming with me!	I ain't going no place with you
Everybody's got a job to do.  Figure it this way:  At least you get to go home alive.	I'd like to go home alive with a couple of Iraqi scalps hanging from my belt
The sonofabitch. The blackmailer. It's, uh, it's no one you know. It's a businessman from Sacramento. A goddamn pansy, Ed. He tried to rope me into some crackpot scheme; I heard him out and then told him to go to hell. And the very next day, the very next day, Ed, I get blackmailed for the same amount.	Would he... it sounds pretty obvious
Sorry, Ethan.  I don't quite know where to begin.  Any suggestions?	You'd like me to conduct my own debriefing
Whewww! Those acts of God really stick it in and break it off, don't they?	Yes, they do
Since we're just starting out, I thought we could go to a bar... sit and talk for awhile.  After that, we'll...	Actually, if it's all the same, I'd like to get to the precinct house a.s.a.p.  Seeing how we don't have much time for this whole transition thing
Well, it's a terrific yard, Chief, but the man's an obvious alcoholic with a reputation lower than crocodile piss.	Does that bother you, Bill?  I always wondered in court why it is because a woman is a prostitute, she has to have bad eyesight
He's so ugly. Guys with beards and beer guts ain't quite my type.	Seein's how you're about as thick as a used string of unwaxed dental floss, don't know how you can criticize
It's in the main ballroom.	Ahh -- thank you
I don't understand.	She killed herself.  Her soul's gonna be in torment
No, I just made that up. Do you want to hear one?	I'd love to
Agent Mackelway?	Yes
Well, it was an accident.	They were out deer hunting, right? Jack probably heard the gun go off, then came back and found the body
Well...it's kind of a sociological study in the aftermath of Columbine.	Is this to like get into Sundance
State trooper?	Fallacy
You have to do something for me first.	You have a request
Don't know if I can hold it that long, Sam.	Tha's your problem
That would be futile, Admiral. The probe would neutralize us easily.	But we can't turn away! Is there no alternative
Mister -- Miss -- such politeness!	Well -- we work in the same building -- and we try to keep it quiet -
Answer me!  You never answer me.	Sometimes, yes
How did you find out?	It's in all the afternoon papers. I'm very sorry
Seriously, Ben... I need to keep pretty low-key around here. Maybe next time you could nap this side of the door. That was the landlord.	Of course
What, though?  It can't be the Republicans--he'd never allow something as stupid as this, not when he's gonna slaughter McGovern anyway.	Right. Nixon didn't get where he got by being dumb--  --listen, that was a Watergate question-
Jennifer --	Just tonight, please?  I can't handle the nightmare.  Not tonight.  Not after Phillip
Why don't they have TV shows about people whose daily lives you'd be interested in watching.  Y'know.  Like SKINNY LITTLE WEAKLING.  Or BIG FAT GUY.  SICK OLD MAN. FAMILY OF LOSERS.  Wouldn't that be good?	Two blacks and a Mexican in a car.  Who's driving
Maybe I should check Lareaux's book. It's in the car.  Be right back.  Don't go anywhere.	Sure
Captain there's someone here to see you - he's waiting in your office.	Who is it
I feel better when you feel better.	Where's the old highway
Just move on. No one here killed him.	Oh, is he dead
Zuria?	Yes. Until proven otherwise
What?	I'm really the only one qualified to remote-pilot the ship anyway. Believe me, I'd prefer not to.  I may be synthetic but I'm not stupid
What?	When you think about it, it's just as arbitrary as drinking coffee
Holy Shiite!  What the fuck's this?	It's the new -
All those people out there. It's a lot of pressure.	Huh! You laugh in the face of pressure
Almost that fast. I got a few loose ends to tie up first. Came into a shitload of money recently. I've always wanted to go to take a trip. We're just gonna walk into the airport and decide right then and there.	Yeah? You and who else
You know, my brother and I have been playing together, gosh, I don't know.  Jack?	Twenty-eight years
What the heck were you thinkin'? Heck, if I'm only gettin' bank interest, I'd look for complete security. Heck, FDIC. I don't see nothin' like that here.	Yah, but I - okay, I would, I'd guarantee ya your money back
Good morning. You unpack your stuff yet?	Mm-hmm
I can't bear it Louis! The machines out there, that fly and that roar! And such lights! They make the night brighter than the day!	And they frighten you
Why do I have to stay down here?	Jesus, Jaeger
Jeffrey? What's going on?	Shhh. I'll tell you
In a sense.	I don't think so. In my experience, signs are usually a lot more subtle
You must know I always... did you really mean all that about moving in with me?	I was just thinking out loud...  I mean, you've got this whole thing with Dana -- I'm not going to let you fuck that up..
I never said that.	You made it pretty damn clear you thought he was nobody
Yes, but listen.  The illusion is easily explained.  The eye retains each image, till they combine.  And yet, some would call this toy magic.	Don't you see why?  Look closely a moment.  Put your intellect aside.  Can't you see what is inexplicable
Pamela Isley.  I was so attracted to her I couldn't reason clearly.  I still can't.  She used to work for Wayne Enterprises.  Find a file.	Coming on line now, sir
I don't.	Let me show you something
Does Oomie really like this show?	Isn't it weird? It's her favorite
You and I are the same, Darien. We're smart enough not to buy into the oldest myth running: love... A fiction created by people who got nothing to keep them from jumping out of windows.	You're really twisted, Gordon. You're incapable of giving to anybody because deep down inside you there's a poverty that every last dollar in the world won't fill
Tell me -- let me help --	I took advantage of you and worst of all, I'm not alone. I did this with a kid.  I was just on some ride where I thought I was in 1ove enough for both of us.  I did this.  And at least I can do something about it now
How'd you do in school?	Great.  I got one B, two C's, and eight incompletes
God of passages and changes?	I believe we are arriving in an enlightened age; an age of peace that will bring Rome her greatest glory.  Thanks to Marcus Aurelius
...hey Chuckie, how's the woman- slayer?	...still looking for the right 18 year old wife, how you doing, pal
The floor's on fire! See?!	What??
Yeah, me too. You're a fucking bull in a china shop.	Fuck this
You wasn't listening, you didn't want to talk.	Don't I look like I'm listening
I stopped by the station a while ago.  I stared at the bus.  I could almost hear the kids inside.  There was a lawyer there.  He told me he'd gotten you signed up.  Is that true?	Something made this happen, Billy. Mr. Stephens is going to find out what it was
Mrs. Semple is entitled by law to one-third of the estate.	And don't ever get down on your knees again, understand
Pointing There's a beehive right there!	So
What are you doing?	Loading a gun
Hey!  Mr. big shot.	Mike.  Oh, the christening.  I meant to call..
I've come to dinnnnnner!	Dinner? How dare you? I am a nobleman. I only dine with people of my own height
Thank you, John.	You're welcome, Grace
Tell me, did he kill his little victims too?	No
It's a suicide note.  Says he killed Jack because Jack had figured out a pornography scam Patchett was running.	He had help getting up there.  Two of his fingers are broken
Well, Roy, if that's the way you feel, I won't badger you.  Don't want to lose you as a salesman, too.	Oh, I'd like to stay on. Just keep everything the way it was
Anything else?	A phased plasma pulse-laser in the forty watt range..
Yeah, we'll gettem in their cars.  I'm slowing down...  No, no.  Look, lookit:  I think it's a mistake, well, I'll <u>tell</u> you why:  you got'em by the balls, <u>Squeeze</u>.  Because Schumann's the Shark.  He's ...<u>Jaws</u>.  You have to <u>tease</u>'em... You don't puttem in the first reel of the movie...  Bring'em back <u>slow</u>, the President...  No, no, put him on.  Put him on.  President wants to reveal Scbumann before the election.	Big mistake
He's dead.  I was just there. Somebody slit his throat.	Jesus.  Jack, that's a story. 'Swish Actor Gets The Gay Blade.' Let me get my camera
Fine. You're the first reporter in here for two hours. You people seeing the old year out?	I'm people which the old year saw out. I'm canned, fired
What if we just don't tell them anything anymore unless they let you do the story?	No.  Really...don't worry about it
Hello, Grant. Good to see you again.	The Pentagon, wasn't it, General? Only you weren't in that uniform..
So, what brings you here at his hour?	My new bike
Ready to rock?	Ready
Colonel Blake, have no fear. Hawkeye and Duke are here.	That's right, pal. You just sit up front and sign the mail, and leave the cutting to us
Be careful of the bald cats. They live in these buildings.	The what
My mother used to say that a cold heart is a dead heart.	Your mother sounds like a Hallmark greeting card
See what??	The past, the future, whatever this object holds
Blake?  Dead?	Yes.  I heard this morning.  Washington's asked me to attend the funeral as a matter of protocol
I guess he's not going to show up - it's give minutes to one - you suppose he forgot?	Well, you know how those millionaires are.  These came for you
I don't have to. That's what the IRS guys do. And they do it with great zeal. See, they work at these tortuous civil service jobs, and when five hundred dollar an hour boys like you take their trade out in luxury goodies, these saps feel.. well, they feel like saps. And they feel bitter and they feel vengeful and they feel WRATH.  What is this? A Romeo and Julieta?	You're out of your league, Marylin. Rexroth was a primate. I'm a professional
Oh great.  Could you do me a favour and try to get us some really cold water up here?	I'll see what I can do
What have you been up to?	"Well, everyone's desperate for a new Falkland's angle.  Purdy's come up with a real dog.  Worker's rights in Argentina.  So I've been running round getting people to do things.  But no one's keen.  Workers rights.  When did anyone on that paper give a damn about workers rights?  I said to Purdy, ""Look, tits, bingo, jingo, horoscope, sport, celebs, gossip and the occasional firm stand on--"
I don't remember any of this.	Jason..
-- gee...	-- what
Eddie, I'm so tired... I don't know if I can handle a night shoot...	Nonsense!  You look great --  Look, uh, why don't you lie down and take a little nap?  We'll film around you for a while
What lesson do get outta that story, Lula?	It's just another case, Sailor
What are you talking about?	That I am not Rheya.  That Rheya died.  Killed herself.  I'm different
He's terribly busy, sir.	I understand
Calm Down! Act rational.	How do you act when someone trys to kill you
Cotton.	Can we talk
Hello?	She's gone, Tom
I'd say my game is about twenty per cent off. Maybe more.	What happened? Somebody step on your hands
Cheer up, you lost your prince, but dinner's on the way.	I've never been so hungry in my life..
Come on, Doctor, <u>then</u> you can sleep...	...unmarked hundreds...
They wouldn't take it.	You're insane
Pollux ...	Shut up
Don't put yourself out.	Hey -- I'm on your side. Remember that
Instead of going into his mind...	She's bringing Stargher into hers
Nothing. really! It's good to see you.	It's good to see you
I'll take that.	Fill this out.  Will this be cash or credit card
Can you pay some attention to me?	Oh, yes
Want to say goodbye to the Colonel?	Nah
Just keep your eye on the ball.	Should I hit it
That should buy you ten minutes at least.	Gee, thanks friend
Yeah?  What rule of thumb is that?	How about I go right, sir
You'd lose your security deposit?	Evil, powerful beings - I have their power only if I contain them, control them. If they should all be released at once... well ..
. Yeah!	Doesn't it ever bother you
I won't tell you more about that. I'm more afraid of displeasing Him than not answering you...	You're afraid of displeasing God when telling the truth?
He won't make love to me anymore.	And he's right!  A ballplayer on a streak has to respect the streak. They don't happen very often.  You know how hard this game is? If you believe you're playing well because you're getting laid or because you're not getting laid or because you wore red silk panties--then you are!  And I still think Thomas Pynchon is full of shit
That's a glyph, kind of like a vampire cattle brand. That means Officer Friendly here is someone's property. Any of the other vampire's try to bleed him, they'll have to answer to Friendly's owner --  This glyph belongs to Deacon Frost. We've been tracking him for a while now --	Why in God's name would anyone want to work for them
It's just medication, Mister McMurphy, good for you. Now down it goes...	Look, miss, I don't like swallowing something without knowing what it is
Of COURSE!! Ice cream!!	Now go, your friends are in danger... The USO show is a mile east of here, just over that ridge. The clitoris has spoken
Wait, wait, wait, you're saying that her brain damage could have been caused by her being deprived of oxygen for two minutes...?	Yes
George, could you -- excuse us for a minute?	Sure
I don't get it.	You have to go to her, Jonah. You have to find her
Goddamnit.	They just said they wanted time
I'm a federal marshal and you're under arrest.  Put the gun on the table.  I mean, now.	Oh.  Then this must be Adele..
Male and female - the moth and the flame - I ought to slug you!	You wouldn't hit a girl, would you
Doing what? Messy up your day? Well, fuck lady there are some bigger issues at hand... than your fucking have a nice fucking day bumper sticker shit!	Where's Bill
You didn't, Jimmy.	I did.  But Princess Margaret was a doll.  We're all equals in her eyes.  As commoners, I presume
They'd be here if they could, honey.  I know they would.	They're dead
Well, I'll ask him, but I don't think he'll be very keen. He's already got one, you see?	What
I've got you come on, go down.	Rachel
I don't have regular classes anymore.	What do you do
Maybe it's a ritual thing or someone trying to send a message.  Burial rites are taken very seriously in Eastern Europe.  It could be to humiliate them. Just burning them up, no proper funeral, it's like condemning them to hell.	Eastern Europe.  Like what?  Romania? Hungary
That's right.	...Take advantage of me
How about getting married?	Good idea. When
You try it.	Me, sir
Not yet.	Fuckin' Christmas, man. Fuckin, Christmas on the outs
Hablar slowly, por favor.  My ingles no es bien.	Soda.  You know
What is this?	I'm superstitious. Drink
How did you know?	Drew told me
What are you doing?	In order to lower and raise the shields as quickly as possible, we're going to forego the tractor beam and fly her in manually
Once a week you like a gentleman?	Look, I'm me, right. You're not. We are what we are, like it or not.  Why all the bloody needle
All that marching -- tramp, tramp, tramp -- you were having army maneuvers maybe?	I'm sorry, Mrs. Lieberman -- and I'll never invite those people again
Did he say who?	No. But he must know. Incidentally, my double left you with this
Peggy Jane, Lisa Anne and Betty Jean.	Can we do any better
Why do you want a room here?	Do you smoke
No, no.	I feel really bad about that, but I was busy, you know, I mean..
You know my work?	Dr. Kurtzweil, I'm not interested in bigoted ideas about race or genocide. I don't believe in the Elders of Zion, the Knights Templar, the Bilderburg Group or in a oneworld Jew run government -
Quite a circus.	And we're in the center ring.  You sure you want to wear that blazer
The Attitude, Damone, is only good until you meet the right girl.	Whatever you say, Rat
"We aren't going to have a war.  We're going to have the ""appearance"" of a war."	"I'm not sure we can afford to have the ""appearance"" of a war"
I didn't make up the name.  It's the Steely Dan song.  And it was in The Commitments.	You can't be called Barry and sing in a group called Barrytown
Is Sandy part of this?	No. not at all
Why the hell are we wasting time here?!	Insurance against him finding that last case ahead of us
What?	He's already got one mother, he doesn't need two...He's yours...  I won't fight you for him any more. He's yours..
We grew up together. Kids.	Can you account for his disappearance in any way
Where did you get this clown?	I met him at the tables, same as you.  And frankly, I'm grateful we have a little muscle right about now
What's this about?	Sit down, have tea, I'll start lunch when the girls get back
Now, Dave Old Buddy, you know you're exaggerating -  What do you think of this husband of yours?  On most boats a certain loyalty exists between the Exec and his Navigation and Firing Officer.  But unfortunately, in the case of Lieutenant Dave Milburn of the Tiger Shark and myself -	But Julie's a nice girl, and I've seen you work.  She deserves a fighting chance
Halfdan the Black.	But, Erik..
Tonic will be fine.	In the kitchen
Well... I'm going to have to blow the engines out...	And when will you be ready to do that
No! No puede hacer esto--[You can't do that--]	You think you're doing these people a favor? What are they going to do? Either they get on welfare or they become criminals-
Was the show covered by every department?	Exactly according to your instructions, Mr. Kane.  We've got two spreads of pictures
I don't follow you.	I'm saying that since I'm doing so much better -- which I attribute to you -- I'm liable to misinterpret some of my feelings
I told him where I was from a few days ago. It was just a casual conversation.	And what was tellin him your name when you weren't supposed to
So, then, you're, like, available?	In what way
That's what I'd do if I could. Nothing wrong with that. Hey Ben, Elaine's coming down from Berkeley soon. I want you to call her up this time.	I will
Max.	It's not me
Well, that's good now, ain't it, Bill? Seein' Claudia an...?	She was all covered with worms. Oh, Ned, I'm scared of dyin'..
So whose route is this?	Brady Peck's. Fourteen years old. Lives next door
The late Mrs. Harold Ryan.	I'm sick of this argument.  I just have one more thing to say: If you elect a President, you support him, no matter what he does.  That's the only way you can have a country
I believe if they set aside their law as and when they wish, their law no longer has rightful authority over us. All they have over us is tyranny, then. And I'll stay here no longer.  No force on earth will keep me here... Anyone caught leavin' the fort could be shot. So each man make your own decision... Those who are goin', be back here in an hour.	Out the northern sally-port. Strike for the east side of the swamp until you clear the French picket line. Head north over the ridge, then come about southeast and fork left in Little Meadow and you're free of the outpost and skirmishers..
Who else ?	Only asking.  I did't know you were planning a comeback
You don't wanta make any promises, Mr. Kane, you don't wanta keep.	These'll be kept.  I'll provide the people of this city with a daily paper that will tell all the news honestly.  I will also provide them 
I liked being with you last night.	Same here
Oh, no sir. Certainly not. Anyway, it's none of my business -- four apples, five apples -- what's the difference -- percentage-wise?	Here you are, Baxter. Have a nice time
She doesn't need to know.	I don't know, Dignan. I just -
What's happening?	Mother is struggling desperately. In fact she's fighting like a tiger. But I don't know, it's close, it's mighty close
I'm here to offer you a job.	I'm going back to New York in--  Shit!  I'm outta here
Daffodils?	They're your favorite flower
I want you to give up that terrible job.	Come on, Mom, you can't be serious...
Let's just be sure.	I <u>am</u> sure. Look, murders aside, Riddick belongs in the Asshole Hall of Fame. He loves the jaw-jackin', loves making you afraid, 'cuz that's all he has. And you're playing right into -
You stand on your tiptoes.	I do
Are you all right?	Yeah, I guess so.  It was the strangest thing.  I knew what I was doing but I couldn't stop.  This really terrible feeling came over me and -- I don't know -- I just felt like driving into that tree and ending it all.  Whew!  Sorry, boys
I haven't done any posse work since last time I rode with Toni Mix at the old Bijou Theatre -- aged six, If you're interested,	Go on foot
I think Jeff Bridges is getting tired.	Nah I think it's doing so damn well because one of it's players got iced. I just hope none of us end up dead
More and more in the past few weeks. And she wanders. God knows where she wanders. I followed her one day.	Where'd she go
...What's the big deal? Everyone steals from everyone.	Well, let's hit that party
Just regulation size.  We have three like this.	Three
No way. No fucking way!	I'll pick the moment, Nick. The game goes on until I move. When I start shooting, go for the nearest guard and get his gun
To Paris. Paris, France.	That’s the one..
What you are? You would be something other than you are?	And if I cut my hair again
That fucker's dead --	No, we are
Can you just follow me? The back is full?	Sure
Tomorrow! Joe--he'll hear the section on Willet Dam. He can't be there!	I know that
That's sick!	Yeah, I know it's sick, but it's new. You know, you didn't say it couldn't be sick
See a guy.	Don't go to the bar, Ray. I know him, that ain't a good idea
Gerald wants to see him first.	Shut up
Nice guy. Who's he?	Who's it, you mean
Married?	Nothing to speak of. What is this--third degree
Let me worry about The Club ...	No worries ..
I'm going down, Jake....	She's not going to like it...
Nothing.	Why the bad temper
Will they?	It doesn't look like it
Do you want something to drink?	Why
Dad?…Do you think that Brady will ever get better?	One in a million recover
You knew what I'd do.	Yes, but listen. Christ, I didn't kill him
You're doing a pretty sloppy job of it.  Here's your ticket.	My ticket
LULA!!!!	SAILOR!!!
Na.	You sure
Coming up!	Gangway, Turkies
You must say that you went to take some of the roses to your father's grave...	At four. He will be there at four
You talked to Gozer?	Get a grip on yourself, Egon.  I talked to Dana Barrett and she referred to Gozer as the Destructor
Good luck!	When I get back I'll have the cab waiting, so be ready to go
Hmmm. I happen to know that he gets ten percent. But he's worth twenty- five.	And Abdul and Carl and Sacha, they stay with the place, or I don't sell
If you knew it was impossible, then why'd you waste my time?	I thought you wanted an answer. And that's the only one I have
Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin' next door to me, comin' over watchin' the fuckin' Patriots' games and still workin' construction, I'll fuckin' kill you. And that's not a threat, that's a fact. I'll fuckin' kill you.	Chuckie, what are you talkin'..
You wanna know why I stood up for this show?	No
These are your paintings?	What?  Oh yes
I'm not sure I want anything from you. You might want something from me.	Name it
It puzzles me so badly. I've done terrible things but I can't consider myself a terrible man. I've killed three people and I'd still want to say it was accident, do you see?	If you'll let me go I could tell them what -
Yes.	When you're frozen, you're legally dead, right
Oh, good heavens, no!	How do you deal with incorrigibles? Criminals
Smoking or non-smoking?	Non.  Please
"That ""thing"" gets me excited."	The things that get you excited
It's Griffin.	Griffin?  Where are you
Switch hands.	What
Go right ahead.	Saunders. That's better.  Good morning, Saunders. Hello, Saunders. How's the bill coming, Saunders--
She'll be all right.	She'll be all right
I'm a little late, that's all.	How late
Are you sorry she's dead?	Of course I am.  What kind of question is that
You need treatment, Mrs. Peel.  You can't resign.	Watch me
Do you know where we are?	No
One in a million recover.	Maybe he's that one in a million
Alright, Corporal, you take Bennington, Harrisville, Acworth and the farms along Black Swamp.  I'll take the north side of the river. We'll meet at Snow's Island.	Yes, sir
You did your homework, Officer.	Actually..
The senator's white paper is almost ready, Bets. Should we wait for that?	Andy usually just sends those to the national media. The local press doesn't know what to do with a position paper until UPI and AP tell them anyway
Can the president afford to ignore a subpoena?	Who the fuck does Cox think he is?  I never made a dime from public office!  I'm honest.  My dad died broke.  You know the sonofabitch went to law school with Jack Kennedy? ... The last gasp of the Establishment! They got the hell kicked out of 'em in the election, so now they gotta squeal about Watergate 'cause we were the first real threat to them in years. And by God, Al, we would have changed it, changed it so they couldn't have changed it back in a hundred years, if only ..
The swan was so ridiculous. All the same, it did scare me.	Almighty Jove in the shape of a swan
Could you do away with her dinner, and any evidence of her, and bring me an big glass of vodka?	But absolutely
"What do you mean ""your sandwhich?"" I bought it."	Yah, all right..
What happened to Adele?	Well, let's put it this way.  I need me a new woman
Sold. Let's go.	... and taxi fare for me
I think she was terrified of living with him...but maybe even more terrified of life without him.	I would have killed him
Oh, so you don't want war anymore? You want to be at peace?  You want to be able to change your mind anytime you feel like it and expect everyone to go along with it?	I don't understand.  What do you want from me
Is it all right?  I made it out to cash.  You didn't tell me the name of the play.	Oh, it's fine.  Fine.  Good.  Good. Bye.  Bye
Sean --	No.  That's what everyone thinks.  John shot a man dead in Baltimore six months before
That's where we get rid of the traces of him although we never truly succeeded.	I've been looking for him.  Do you know where he is
Would you care for a beverage?  Tea?	I'm fine, sir
Com'on, tell me.	Well, a boy goes like this, see
But the play only cost $60,000 to produce.	Exactly.  And how long did it run
I'm glad. But what's all this?	The stamp market, of course -- it is here every Thursday afternoon. This is where Jean-Louis trades his -
He did more work on the car.  He wants fifty bucks extra for it.	Fifty dollars more.  That's a lot of money when you don't have a dime. And where'd you plan on getting the money from?  Maybe you thought you'd pay your friend Jake McKenna a visit
Bulllllshit...	"Naw baby, they heard about that Triad hit, the work ya'll put in and they recognize the skills. And this ain't no tryout, tap-dance ""show us your shit"" thing neither -- if ya'll want this then I'mma go git it for 'ya"
Bill, we're businessmen, not the damn mafia.  I'll see you in the office.  By the way, about your car...	Oh, god, what
...Why on earth do the stones interest you?	Personally, they are of no interest to me, I'd rather sell weapons..but I have a customer... so tell me..
I saw a picture of it. Alaska is very clean. It appeared to look very white to me... Don't you think?	Yeah. That's before the big thaw
Come on.	Play it! Come on
How about that.	Mmmm.  You have children
Thanks for staying around when you didn't have to.	My pleasure
Nope. The switchboard is lightning up downtown. Kids from other towns are starting to congregate in the parks and at the high school. It's turning into WOODSTOCK except there's no concert.	Call Brent on the horn. See where he is. What he wants us to do. I'll head over to the school
Just shut up a second and listen... That, uh... that bar in Arizona? Where you said Betty was?	What about it
No. Too... upright. Might've been a person.	It might behoove us to turn back at this point
I know ...	Toby..
Thank you.	How's that working out for you
How did they get away?	They ran.  As fast as they could. Caught a train
D'you really wanna call?	Yes, I do
That's between her and me. It's private. And I don't want you goin' off and tellin' ya daddy.	Please don't tell my daddy
I should go with her, Sandy.	Go ahead
Life's too slippery for books, Clarice. Typhoid and swans came from the same God.  Tell me, Miss West Virginia - was she a large girl?	Yes
Bill says actors out there eat just as infrequently as here-	They can always grab oranges off trees. This you can't do in Times Square..
Well, I'd ask Guy - we were friendly, you know - heart attack, wasn't it?	If you buy what you read in the paper
This is my first time at the White House. Is there any chance to look at where he works and the rest of it?	I didn't have the guts to ask when I first came up.  I'll get you a great tour
I made the plume from a quail feather.	Much more colorful than the ones we wear.  And, of course, less dented
What are you in for, Willie?	That's a long story..
She's alright, isn't she?	Oh, she's fine. She's just not coming today
I was just straightening up the place.	Straightening up indeed!  Are you sure you're not alone
Your Majesty.	What do you love so much
Getting away with things. Like whatever I may or may not have gotten away with Officer Harrison.	You killed him
Good. I want you out. This is my sewer.	Which way
Here you go.  You're a Bob's Girl now.  Nancy will check you out.	I won't let the fat kid down
Hokkaido Island.	The systems integration site
It's stopped snowing out, hasn't it? What's happened here?  Come on, soon as these clothes of ours are dry . . .	Our clothes are dry
You know ...  ... whoops!	Mother
What did we do?  Joe, you're not pulling one of your old tricks.	No tricks, no mirrors, nothing up my sleeve.  It's on the level this time
You wanted smaller.	I'm over it.  Now I want all my clients and yours too
Lila, you don't intend to hurt us, do you?	Eat shit, thumbtack dick!  Thank you, Frank. You're the best
BUD.	Terrific. I'll talk to you then
No mortal weapons can kill this creature. He is not of this world.	Are we talkin, about the same creature? The walking corpse? Really big mouth? Really bad breath
Not to mention Andrew Zhdanov... Otis, come!!	Andre Zhdanov?  How the hell do you know about Andre Zhdanov
Hey!  That's my boss!	Better yet
Good morning.	You ought to come hear our preacher. Remember old Cat Iron? Well, our preacher is just as strong
What did you say?	Shut up. You're going to die and he's not. Got it
What?	Mark invited me to the party
He's not with us, Xander. He must be with you.	Bullshit! You get your boy off that roof or I swear to God I'm gonna give you another hole to breathe out of
Jumbo, where the hell are the women?	What are you talking about, asshole
Yes?	If we ... er ..
Yes, Ed.	Could we just talk alone for a second? I -
You have a gift, Jack. You do. You see people.	I see you
What?	What'd I say
But alas poor Romeo! he is already dead; stabbed with a white wench's black eye; shot through the ear with a love-song; the very pin of his heart cleft with the blind bow-boy's butt-shaft: and is he a man to encounter Tybalt?	Why, what is Tybalt
No.	Have you got a print from the hand
Nick. Hey. How's things?	Oh. You know. How's it with you
Yeah, but -	We're gonna get Mom back for ya, but we gotta play ball. Ya know, that's the deal. Now if Lorraine calls, or Sylvia, you just say that Mom is in Florida with Pearl and Marty..
We could rig a device to collect their high energy photons safely; we could then inject the photons into the dilithium chamber, causing crystalline restructure.... Theoretically.	Where would we find these reactors... Theoretically
What the hell -- ?	It's a peace rally.  The CTU's just opened fire on the crowd
Sofie...	"Part of it. We were watching ""ER"" until someone called"
You have opened the playhouses?	I have, Master Shakespeare
It's not locked.  I left it open when I took out Jake's body.	It's . . . it's locked
No--not yet--but--  Two tickets to Berlin--first class and sleeper--night train ... Right ... Right ... Leave them in the name of--Don Ignacio Fernandez ... Right ... Thank you.	Spanish passports
What do you think?  Maybe I could reach the ledge without falling. No, forget it.	Oh, good. For a minute I thought you'd lost your mind
What do you mean—starvation?	It takes money to buy food
This is way too creepy.	He won't see us... we'll just stalk him from a distance
Oh come on. For her first time?	I know. That's the amazing part of it. I mean, it wasn't like Cirque du Soleil acrobatics, just standard missionary stuff, but it was... ah forget it. I'm going to sound like a Hallmark card
That's probably good.	Police want to keep it quiet, if the press gets word... lake monster.  They just want us to sit tight
Can you shut it down?	I don't know the process, Dr. Weir was the expert..
Oh... yeah, he already left. We'll wait inside, come on.	He left
Seemed like weeks and weeks.  Such a terrible dream... I could never tell you...	Is what you said about the ring but another dream
Maybe...	Every time we have dealings with Starfleet, I get nervous.  We're dealing with something that COULD be perverted into a dreadful weapon. Remember that overgrown boy scout you used to hang out with? That's exactly the -
Because you know you'll be killing us.	Don't lay this on me
Mind you, I stood up for you, I mean I wouldn't have it.	I knew I could rely on you
You're one fuckin' bastard, Merle. You know that? You're one fucking bastard!	This is this, Vince. This isn't something else. This is this
Eau de suckhead.  Tasty.	We'll split into three units.  First team that makes contact wins the prize. Try to maintain radio silence from here on out
"The official term is ""psychotic""."	You'll never get away with this
This trip better be worth it. What's the guy-girl ratio again?	Get ready to smile, five guys per girl
Afraid I'd give Mitch.	I don't understand
Right.	It doesn't travel through the air, by breathing, or touching, right
It's nearly eight. I'm off duty shortly, then I'm off to the films with Alex.	Alex
Why are you following me?	I'm trying to help you. I knew she'd get her claws into you. She doesn't know anything about your investigation, so when she offers to help you, it'll be for her own reasons. Why would I lie? Do not go back to her. Take out a pen, write yourself a note, do not trust her
Jesus. You know, you're sick, Eugene. You...	Sh, sh sh sh sh
What book!	They'll find a way in
Everyone's getting ready for the party.	You heard about that
They can't find a sitter...  Hello?  Excuse me?  Yes, uh, hold on.  Just a moment.  It's Skye Davidson.  She needs directions to the house.  You invited Skye fucking Davidson to our anniversary party?	Okay.  I'm sorry, look, I meant to tell you.  It was the only chance I had to meet her
Don't worry.  We did the right thing with it.	What did we do?  Joe, you're not pulling one of your old tricks
It's mine to give. I didn't steal it.	I didn't say you did
We think there are other cities surviving. We think maybe Detroit... there's some signalling out of Philly.	There's no place like this place. Warm climate. This facility. Christ, there ain't nothin' like this no-damn-where! Even the Feds knew that. That's why they stored so much o' their shit down here. It's all mine now. All mine. Just let 'em try ta come after us down here, which they will some day...take a likin' ta what all we got an' come after us. They'll hafta get past my army! An army that ain't afraid ta die...ha ha ha...'cause it's awreddy DAID! HA HA HA HA...
Well, I wonder why.	I think you're afraid to put the two of us in the same room together. I think you're afraid he'll be undeniably drawn to me
Thanks, Healy. Good work.	Ted? Don't you want the name of the housing project
What?	Have the car running at the north- west checkpoint. Bob and I'll -
You just smile, let me do all the talking.	How many times you gonna tell me that
That's not it.	Good...Another is you're trying to make it all about sex and heat and nothing else
My sympathies.	Liz, I'm really sorry.  The meeting went much longer than expected
No... Donnie, wait. I've never...	I always wanted it to be at a time when... when it reminds you how beautiful the world can be
Just give me your hand.	But they...they could still be...
I will meet you, but only one way -- if Robert the Bruce is there, and puts his hand on my Bible, and swears his loyalty to Scotland.	He has already agreed to come
Okay. Just take it easy.	Right away. Okay
You killed him.  You killed him -- and I got you off.	That's crazy
All right-so we can afford it.	How can we afford it? On your pay? What if she steals more
But if you were?	I... I can't answer that precisely
It was with this left hand that old brother Cain struck the blow that laid his brother low --	Them kids is yours
Oh.	But I can heat some up for you if you'd like
Despite you.	I never asked for more
I don't get it.  First you creep me out with homo shit.  Then you hit me with war stories.  And now you're upset because I listen? What do you want?	I want -- I want..
One purse--  empty. One vanity case--	But really, m'sieu, this isn't necessary
Dance?	No thank you
You found her?	There's a Lisa Shermer living just sixty miles west of here. Over the Indiana border. I'm going
She must really be something.  From a clinical point of view.	What was she like in school
Let's all get out of here, this place stinks.	I'm going home
You're in with them.	It's not what you think
Yeah, that's right.	But in all that time, Mike, did you ever get off a plane, walk into a room, and find that a source for a story changed his mind? Lost his heart? Walked out on us? Not one fucking time! You want to know why
Uncle Terrence?	Andy? Andy is that you
You mean - like frigid?	It's more like a mental block.  When I'm with girls, it does nothing to me
That's the way it is.	An' you say no cops
He was in a concentration camp?	Well, no. But he had to escape the Nazis
I gave blood before and, uh... clothing to the poor.	Okay, Norman, listen, I really want to talk about this at home.  I think it's a matter for your analyst...and mine
Maybe I better start our homework.	Okay, I suppose I should go home
to Grant) She's, uh - - tenacious.	You have no idea
Yeah, along with most of your furniture and a lot of your personal possessions.  This one took some work.	Thank you.  Next time I want to break a lease I'll know who to call
Yes, one gross of bullets, two dozen hand-grenades, three kegs of powder -- and throw in some matches.	Fine.  We'll throw in the matches before we make the delivery.  By the way, how're you fixed for spys
House.	Now I need you to count your money
I'll be out of touch for a while. Just get to the airport.	The airport! Hey, wait a minute
The Chinese have one goal. The complete dissolution of our nation. The destruction of our culture. There is no room for Buddha in their world. Our only hope is to fight.	We cannot
Where are they?	Don't worry. Fortunately last night a very trustworthy friend kept his eyes open. Perhaps he overstepped his function as a waiter but he fulfilled his duty as a Russian.  I just put this on for sentiment. The rest are absolutely safe. I assure you. But if you feel like notifying the police..
I've seen it.	One last time: Can you think of some priest who fits the bill
Well, I do, and she's fantastic. She'll take you to the museum, maybe to a movie if you play your cards right.  You're going to have a fantastic time.	Stop saying fantastic.  Where are you going
Hey, what's this? Wearing Papa's things? Now that's cute. That's what I call real lovey-dovey. Yessir.	If you don't get out of here, I'll slap that fresh mouth of yours
So, Frank, am I going to live?	You're going to live
Something to drink, Dr. Bright?	No, thank you
"""Leo.  The stages of the moon are in alignment, so now is a perfect time for a vigorous regimen of self improvement.  Wash yourself more carefully each morning, stop using pies and cakes as your primary source of nourishment, and quit tucking your shirttails inside your underwear."""	It doesn't say that
There's more to it than trying to see if you'd steal from the company or if you'd lie or cheat.	What do you mean 
What's your name, if you don't mind me asking?	Max
He's in there.	Tell me right off if you see him
Watch your tenses.	Huh
I commend you.  If you're going to pursue poofs, go after those who can do favors for you.  You waste everybody's time when you court dinosaurs.	Don't think that, Mr. Whale.  I love your movies.  That's why I wanted you to come to this.  So I could see you with your monsters
What? The dead guy?  She'll get over fucking the dead guy. Shit, my mom's been fucking a dead guy for thirty years; I call him Dad.	Caitlin and I can't be together. It's impossible
What? Why the hell did he do that?	He was trying to get into my apartment and... I know this sounds gross but I was so turned on. I grabbed him and kissed him
Have you found Dr. Bright?	No.  The captain of the containment crew is closing down the main lab. He says the area has got to be evacuated
That is you there, ain't it, Bob? The Duck of Death?	Uh... Duke
Also, could you remember to use the service entrance at all times?	Of course
They don't know iff'n to smile, spit or swallow.	They ain't never seen a bull gang before
We must stop him!	Come now, Athos, if Porthos is determined to end his life, then he will certainly manage to find the opportunity
Good. Now, as I trust you may have guessed, we are looking for someone to work for us. Someone whose discretion can be relied upon. Someone who while in our employ would give us full commitment. Do you think you could be that person, Mr Lombard?	Look Mrs Spitz... I don’t know to whom I’m indebted for the recommendation but... I’m not in the business of making oaths of allegiance or giving myself character references. What I do is listen to what the people who care to call me have to say and judge whether or not I can be of help. I hope you can appreciate that, Mrs Spitz
Think about what you're doing, Shinzon. Are you ready to plunge the entire quadrant into war to satisfy your own personal demons?	It amazes me how little you know yourself
You're going to throw away our life together for some shared experience with a looney-tune that you misguidedly think is love?	Here's the ring
Look, you want to be gentle with that woman if she ever calls again. We're watching her very carefully... this woman has been into laudanum. It's a controlled experiment, but I suspect we'll need your cooperation before this thing is over.	Well, certainly... We're always happy to cooperate with the police..
Okay, now we have a good five minutes to have a nice peaceful talk.	What are you doing here
Oh yeah, I heard about that. I always thought it was bullshit.	No... yeah, they ripped him to pieces while his family watched from the car. The wife is screaming, the kids are crying. Some dude in another car filmed the whole thing
What are you looking for?	A light switch.  A button opened that door -- the craft runs on some sort of power
To Castle Couer de Noir?	There'll be spoils aplenty if you guide us there.  Once we breach the walls, help yourself to all you can carry
That's where I'm going.  To see her.	She's in trouble
You take care of your end, kid, I'll take care of mine.	Mmm
Huh? Oh, hi. You really don't have a phone?	No, none. I had one once, back in '57 maybe... I don't know. Really ain't nobody we wanna be jaw flapping at around here no more
Watch your mouth.	That's it isn't it? You married the wrong woman. She leave you? Was she bangin' someone else
Nigger, please. Don't even order that artichoke shit. West side guineas. Forget the drinks, Leo. We gotta roll. What do I owe you?	We're square
No way.	I said pull over
How's everything coming, Mr. Gayle?	Everything's coming along just fine. Phil, I wanted to know if I could have a small word with you
Sorry to lose you, Baxter.	Me? Oh, you mean my body. Don't worry, Doc -- it'll go to the University -- I'll put it in writing -
Deb... It's me.  I need you to step out front.	Out front?  You home, baby?  I got a surprise for you
God, that's so pathetic. I bet she didn't even notice him.	I know. And he's like psychotically obsessing over every little detail
Tell Annette I'm busy in July.	C'mon, Walter
Life, gentlemen, is wonderful, but very dangerous. You must have courage for it, then it's wonderful. You gentlemen don't know that because you are all healthy and happy, but I -- believe me -- a man must know death and not until then does a man know anything about life.	Rejoice in life while yet the small lamp burns
And with the mikes, I'll tell you when he leaves the hotel and you'll tell me when he leaves the bank.	If things go well, I don't have to. You'll already be in a rented car waiting for me
Well sir, I am a great admirer of yours, and I have an extremely interesting proposition to discuss. Would you let my wife and I take you to have dinner tonight? Our treat.	You know, I've been traveling and I'm very tired. Maybe some other time
Did she leave you? Come on. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Who did she leave you for? Your best friend? Her boss? A woman? Did she leave you for a woman, John?	She's dead
Then tell me what to do.	This is his first night on Earth.  He wants to close the door behind him. Like all Lieutenants, he covets command. There's a gateway to Hell through which he can be taken back.  He has to destroy it
You're serious?	Of course I'm serious. I bought it, didn't I
A coffee and a couple of croissants.	Crow what
It's funny, when I first met you I thought you were such a weirdo...I still think you're a nut, but you're my nut.	Yeah...Are we going to do it or what? I still haven't packed
Well?	I'm going to need an operation. Maybe a couple of them. They have to wait for it it to heal first. Then they break it again
Something I couldn't show to anyone else. Not without more information. And not without causing the kind of attention I'd just as soon avoid right now.  The virus those men were infected with contains a protein coat I've never seen before. What it did to them it did extremely fast. And unlike the AIDS virus or any other aggressive strain, it survives very nicely outside the body.	How was it contracted
Don't you work here?	Not anymore
So what'd you think?	Thrilling.  Both of you
Mrs. Caldwell I think you're misunderstanding something.	Is that so
NO...	Proceed with remote detonation
Yeah. Why you give money.	Did you look at that guy? What the fuck. He had no legs.  He had no half his lower body. He's gotta shit out of his ribcage
Range: 3000 Kellicams.	Steady. Continue on impulse power
Yes.	You did? Was it anyone that you...
We don't have time for hysterics.	We don't
Dad --	It's time to tell him.  It would be the right thing
Not a big music fan, eh?	No, I like music. Just-they're-Huey's too... black sounding. For me
I know.	When do we talk
<i>                      Just a box with bright colored paper And the whole thing topped with a bow.</i>	<i>                      -- A bow? --        But why? --                  How ugly! -- What's in it? --                What's in it?</i
This cannot be.	It is.  Do not ask me how.  I do not know.  I must leave, for if I stayed others would surely hear of this and worse than they will come
And he swore, he swore once I got a degree...	...there'd be a sales rep desk with my name on it.  But every time something opened up, there'd be some idiot cousin..
Tobacco today, sex tomorrow. In three or four years, it'll probably be against the law to smile at strangers.	Speaking of which, are you still going ahead with that deal on the Montecristos
Big deal. We'll call right now and cancel your cards.	You don't understand. The wedding bands. The wedding bands are in my wallet
If I could have a little more room.	There isn't any.  All this shit you got in here.  What is all this stuff anyway?  Handcuffs, chains... what's this can
Where are the others?	Oh, Rupert and Carla had a little hassle and went home
See you later, Day-Day.  Come by after work, I got the John Blaze shit for you.	Nice to meet you
And Dick beat the shit out of them.	But I wouldn't have if Hiss hadn't lied about knowing Chambers.  The documents were old and out of date, like these Pentagon Papers.  The key thing we proved was that Hiss was a liar.  Then people bought it that he was a spy.  It's the lie that gets you
If it is an alien spacecraft --	Save your breath.  It's not an alien spacecraft
Good luck, Spud.	Cheers
What do I do then?	Well did you like it
My place.	You shouldn't have brought me here ... it's dangerous
Do we need words?	Yeah, I think we do. We could try to cut each other up. But that would be bad for everybody. Bad for me, bad for you. And worst of all, be bad for Eddie
That was Dr. Judd. He was phoning to say that, Jacqueline is on her way here -	Gregory ——  you'd better take Jacqueline with you tonight
You know what that proves?	What, Mr. De Santis
I'll be.	That boy, he's my friend. He likes the way I talk and I like the way he talks
That's funny - I never slept better.  And I had the most wonderful dream.  I was still on the yacht, and the anchor broke loose - and we drifted for days and days - you were the captain and I was the crew - I kept a lookout for icebergs, and I sorted your shells, and mixed your cocktails, and wiped the steam off your glasses - and when I woke up, I felt like swimming right back to you.	Yes.  Now about our date for tonight..
We told our home, and the people who tell us what to do on my planet said to come and look but not to talk, not to land, not to shoot. Just to look from up there. We came and... the driver of my ship...	The captain..
Oh sure.  I know what people think. It's like, Oz, he's just this kickass lacrosse player -- I also play football, by the way -- But that's like...not <u>all</u> that I am.	Of course, I didn't -
Suppose Lake Michigan overflows?	Don't look now - but the whole town is under water
But you don't pull a strike when the bosses want it -- so they can smash your union. You wait till you're ready, so you can win.	"Do the bosses wait? No sanitation. So my kids get sick. Does the company doctor wait? Twenty bucks. So we miss one payment on the radio I bought for my wife. Does the company store wait? ""Pay -- or we take it away."" Why they in such a hurry, the bosses' store? They're trying to scare us, that's why -- to make us afraid to move. To hang on to what we got -- and like it! Well, I don't like it I'm not scared ... and I'm fed up -- to here"
You bastard.  You fucked my freedom for a lousy job.	But I said I was sorry...
Good morning.	Where are you bound for
Why's that?	Well, sir, consider the possibilities. A:  Ryan is alive.  We have to take him back to the beach.  Knowing you, you don't let him carry my gear, even though he really should, and we all get killed, trying to keep him alive
Yeah, Beautifully fucking illustrated.	Give me the gun
But you can't give back to them, Will.	Not without a heater and some serious smelling salts, no..
Very good, Chief. Chief Guard turns to Alex.	Forward to the white line, toes behind it. Full name and number to the Governor. Chief Guard closes door
Give me your car keys, will you, I'm going back to my hotel.	At least stay for a drink.  This party's for you
The people in New Hampshire.	That's why they have state borders... whyn't you get a replacement
Oh Sidney...	Everytime I get close to you I see my mom. I know it doesn't make sense
Not a chance.	Come on--  I'll promote a card game, and we'll be sitting pretty
Well, I'm sorry, I-I can't... I-I- I've gotta see a picture exactly from the start to the finish, 'cause- 'cause I'm anal.	H'h, that's a polite word for what you are
You! And she's willing to pay as high as fifty francs!	What
--Is that what this is about, Sean? The Field's Medal? Do you want me to go home and get it for you? Then will you let the boy--	--I don't want your trophy and I don't give a shit about it! 'Cause I knew you when!! You and Jack and Tom Sanders. I knew you when you were homesick and pimply-faced and didn't know what side of the bed to piss on
"Lloyd Richards, you are not to consider giving that contemptible little worm the part of ""Cora."""	Now just a minute
No way. No thanks. I can't do it --	-- You can and you will, Mr. Carter
I was supposed to be home for her birthday three days ago.	Your agent said she would tell her you were okay. But I'm afraid you'll have to wait until tomorrow if you want to speak to her yourself
Yes it is.	Marge, good morning. Unusual weather
No.	Okay
Hey, hey Tony.  Give the big guy a break.	Relax, you'll live longer
Straightening up indeed!  Are you sure you're not alone?	I'm always alone, Mrs. Swicker, you know that
This could be it!	This could be it
No, look, this is not about Sooze, alright. Wait, wait, wait, wait. She stayed at the Four Seasons last night with Pony?	Yeah, we all stayed at the Four Seasons, man. It was party time. Hey, I hung out with Danny, Pony's manager. Really nice guy. We talked about the video. They want a raw look. Something fresh. Danny said if I can capture the reality of Burnfield, it'd make a great tape
What could there be except just another hill? In any event, I'm not curious. At the moment, it seems to me we should be concerned about getting home. I'd give anything to be in London right now.	Of course you would. If ever we get out of this place, the thing for you to do is to take that job with Helen's father
It's my Bullworker.	Anyway, listen up. They're gone
Aha! Finally. I've covered almost the entire seaboard and parts of eastern Ohio.	Ugnh
I've told you before. I'd turn it down.	Would you really, Sam
Teldar's shooting up. Buy any for yourself? Bet you were on the phone two minutes after you got out of my office.	No sir, that would've been illegal..
My kids want me to teach them.	Okay. Come on. Put 'em up
Uh, I'm fine. Just wanted to let you know I'll have your car back in a couple hours, I'm still staking out this girl's apartment.	You found my car?
Sir Larry Wildman. Like all Brits he thinks he was born with a better pot to piss in... bribed an old secretary of mine to open bar mouth and stole RDL Pharmaceuticals right out from under me. Wildman the white knight.	I remember that deal. You were involved
Personally I think he has a deep, almost pathological desire to corrupt you. But I suppose that's a type of love. I certainly wish someone wanted to corrupt me.	Maybe I should blister through a bottle of Tequila and just fuck his brains out
Gregory ——  you'd better take Jacqueline with you tonight.	It's what I should have done yesterday. I'll take her away somewhere where she can rest
Your favourite dish.	Excellent
'Asian Dawn Movement?'	I read about them in Time magazine.  When these Revolutionary Brothers and Sisters are Free, the hostages in this building will be taken to the roof and they will accompany us in helicopters to the Los Angeles International Airport where you will be given further instructions.  You have two hours to comply
Just look at it!	The polymerization probably synthesized into a kind of methyl- cyanoacrylate.  So what's wrong
Ok. Listen. You: c'mere.	No
Sure...	What's your name
... We have cleared Spacedoors.	FULL IMPULSE POWER
Any activity?	Not at all. The place is totally deserted
I know.	In a little while...I'm gonna have the opportunity of opening my own place...not here...much nicer than this...uptown...sort of nite-club and restaurant and everything
Right, right...	And then, uh... you know it blew over and he went back to being a fireman again
But how are you finding New Orleans, Senor Farragut?	Call me Johnnie... N.O. has always been a good town to sit around in
Hello, Natalie. Mr. Stewart Smith . . . Miss Montgomery, Mrs. Eames, Mrs. Radcliff, Mr. Radcliff—	How-di-do
I love you Rags. We'll have a good day yeah?	You can bring Mr. Dennings if you like
Saw it, Dil.	Fuck it, is what I say
But it's so good, I mean... it's so very good.	Thank you... very much
Fuck you! You know, I'll call the police.	Go ahead! They love you just about as much as I do
An angle?	Daddy loves to whip up campaigns! People eat it up. We'll make this kid a celebrity. The whole world will be waiting for Superman's answer
We can live with that.	I'm a Yankee, myself. Massachusetts
Los Angeles?	Los Angeles is 100 miles away
Right.	Hmm
Put this on!	I'm not leaving without you
Well, I had a really good day, you know that? It was just a real fine way to spend my birthday.	Ah? Oh, well, your birthday's not till tomorrow, honey, I hate to tell yuh
You brought the money?	Right here
Shoulda told me about your new gig, buddy.	I was gonna tell ya.  Hey, it's just a job.  I feel like shit about it
I think it's still available.	I'm a licensed cosmetologist, I worked for two years, at the &quot;Dino Raphael&quot; Salon, all my customers cried when I told them I was leaving
Oh, please.	Give me a break
How much will you pay him?	Ah. Well. Ah,  I see you've got your manager with you. Well, Madame, how about half the receipts
But, in particular?	I ... Mexico.  You got a bus that goes to Mexico?  That's where I have to go
Nobody's going to hang.  We're all gonna walk away with a little something.  I ain't a greedy man. And, hell, you did all the work. One-hundred-thousand dollars.  Split that three ways and it comes out to about thirty-three thousand.  Give or take.	And you're taking
Do I look like a narc?	Yeah
Will, how many times must I ask you to call me 'Elizabeth'?	At least once more, Miss Swann. As always
Here.  You see.  This is the slow fuse.  It is much wider.  It has more resistance, more density. Therefore, it burns slower.	You mean you had the slow fuse in your pocket all the time and you forgot to put it on
I'm not going anywhere. We're a team.	Too right, youth. That's why I need you to lead the troops
Its powers are strong.	I don't want to be reminded of what happened
Yo, chill man, I'm talking to Venezuela.	Yeah, I'm sorry, I was just looking for the principal's office
You're hitting on me?	You're a beautiful girl, Elle
Who's going to pay me then?	I think there are some things we should talk about
What is it, mother?	I wish to discuss your brother
I'd better call her up and apologize. I don't remember taking her home last night.	I'd venture to say, sir, you don't remember much of anything that happened last night, sir
-- is not my boyfriend.	Many times, in damestic abuse situations the young lady is afraid to speak, but I have to tell you that, being a police officer, I've seen it happen: Young woman afraid to speak, next thing you know, I'm gettin' a call on the radio, I got a 422 -
--  the kwan.	That's your word
It sounded like you did.	No.  We decided that we're friends.  I mean, I know it's a terrible word..
What was it?	It was a crematorium
Is that why you come in here tossing pennies to my starving men? It's damned condescending!	Don't condescend to me!  We have both of us prospered from the arrangements of our kind..
A little after-dinner liqueur, Harold?	Well, I really don't drink..
So.	So. These people live on the same streets. It's just that you reserve your money for those people who are massively fucked up. The regular bums aren't poor enough for you, you gotta give it to the bottom of the barrel scum fucks
Such pretty knees for a big boy!	Do I actually *see* this--
I could get it out of him.	You're not listening
"Yeah, they dig stuff like this.  ""CBS News has partnered with Outpost Information Systems in a cable news network due to launch Fall of 2001."""	But still, you can't say CBS wouldn't love to break something like -
Thank you.	Suppose I hadn't known that immigration inspector? Hadn't put in a good word for you
I don't know man. I don't know. That reminds me.  Another little donation from the police.	If the pigs only knew they were subsidizing The Panthers..
Jesus...Jesus!	Oh, God, I don't even know what I want
Good, and according to your questionnaire, Helmuth, you never joined the Nazi Party.	Me? Never.  Never
I've been looking for you.	I've been looking for you.  Selina Kyle was right. One of us is a psychotic crusader
I'm calling you, I'm standing in my hotel room, I came because I have my business trip --	Well let's do something do you want to do something, can you meet me
To conserve our oxygen, we should severely restrict our activity. Anyone who can should get some sleep.	I don't need sleep, DJ. I need answers
Well, look at the plus side.	There's a plus side
Good old Paden. I was hoping you'd changed your mind about the job.	You didn't tell me you owned a saloon
It's a spice rack.	We desperately need a spice rack.  Desperately
I can't even stand up --	I know you're in a hurry, so I juiced up the nano-reconstruction around your new eyes
Well now, I don't believe assa property scription.	Well, that's how I characterize it
Genesis?! Whatever for?	Why -- a natural desire to help finish the work we began
Pour moi?	Regarde, il te va parfaitement bien
Are you fucking high again? Just listen to --	No, no, you're right, Fry. What's to be afraid of? My life is a steamin' pile of meaningless toadshit anyhow. So I say mush on! Canyon's only couple hundred meters, after that we're in Skiff City! So why don't you just butch up, stuff a cork in that kid, and get -
Yes.	Meet me Tratino's at nine
It's obvious what you have to do. Your way into the daughter's pants is through the mother, up the Suez canal...	You're so gross
What are you doing?	Cutting it out
Was always curious why you... married Grant in the first place... Just never seemed outta love.	I know what people say, Bill. I... Remember, back in high school I worked at my father's gas station
It is, Billy.	Then we got'em
Thanks.	Remain calm
Close up shop. Close up shop, Hank.	Harold
Why did you change your mind about bringing us along?	Why do you think
The radiation is not an anomaly, it's the clue. This creature is far too unique on every level to be some lost dinosaur.	Don't tell me why it's not, tell me what the hell it is
I have it, but don't you think for one moment I'll be letting you go out in that filthy coat -- now go upstairs and change.  I've laid out your green coat.	What's the matter with -- ?  -- What would I do without you, Mrs. Watchit
What have I got to do with it?	Everything
Yeah, she's okay.	Most articles focus on the first half of her name--describing some feline monster.  I want the woman of Catwoman. After all, if it was a man dressed as a cat, the story would be on page 23--just another loony. Oh, I want this one. I want her bad.
How many?	How many what
And she wanted to talk.	Yes
Yes, sir--big as life. Been there some time now.	Yes, sir.  All right, boys--let's go
The zoo?	Waking up at the zoo, that's not so insane. Having no clothes on? That's insane. What did I do last night, Alex
Oh, yes, you will.  You'll do it to oblige Fettes and myself.	No
Good.	Uh, Buff, I'm, I'm, gonna tell you something and, uh, you got, you got, you gotta promise not to tell anyone, alright
I know you knew I'd know.	But did you know I knew you'd know I'd know
Higher mathematics.  Two ounces to a drink -- three drinks, six ounces.	How do you know there's two ounces in a drink
You made it.	They really have to work on that street name thing
It's not a real picture, Stacy, it's been doctored-up.	I think you should leave now, Robert
How does he know so much about me?	"Abe possesses a unique frontal lobe.  ""Unique."" That's a word you'll hear quite a bit around here"
Red cross over to blue double blue ...is that what it is? A squid?	Squid...squid like...squid type... it's got tentacles, a feed sac... probably one central nervous processor somewhere...what the hell do I know is going on deep down in the ocean...there's all sorts of shit we've never seen...eighty foot clams...60 foot sharks...I'm just guessing...can you get me more juice out of Hercules...fast
The kids are grown! They don't need you anymore. You told me that. They hardly talk to you.	No, they don't say much. But Carolyn's 16. She's just about to find out about all this for herself -- she's going to fall in love, she's going to try and figure out how to build a life with someone. If I leave what does that say to her
I don't need one.	Yes, you do. It's very discreet. There's no names in the papers. You don't have to worry about any of that stuff
Hell, peanut...	One time - real late - like about two thirty a.m.? She found Dell up in the black of night all dressed and makin' sandwiches in the kitchen
Last I heard there was a film rep for the Irish players staying at this address, name of Seamus Reilly.	Seamus Reilly
We feared cholera. Turned out to be pneumonia, brought on by nervous exhaustion and some idiot running around in a storm.	Is that your diagnosis
I'm sorry, but I can't keep you here.	When
Don't think about falling, just keep pedaling.	Daddy, I'm scared
A half-track, anything.	Sorry, sir.  Division is using everything on wheels to get up to Caen.  How come you guys aren't going
That may be difficult...	Why don't you just call for <u>help</u>
Cluster of events.  Don't see something, ten years, allasudden.  Three times inna night.	That's what they call an events cluster. Some guy, nobby orders a Manhattan, fifteen, twenty years, allasudden, three times inna night
Stay with this kid. He's a loser.	What did he say
No... forget it...	I-I never expected anything like this to happen..
Yeah, I know.	Your grammy
We don't know who he is...  ... I'm going to talk to that little girl.	Are you crazy?  She can't hear you
Roger.	Huh
Facing your fear doesn't always conquer it.	I'm staying
Abso...	Where have you been, Shelly?  Bruce and Harriet Nyborg.  Do you want to see the memos...?  They're nuts... they used to call in every week. When I was with Webb.  And we were selling Arizona...they're nuts...did you see how they were living?  How can you delude yours..
I suppose that's true in a way. I am fond of you, Walter. I often wish you weren't such a stinker.	Now, that's a nice thing to say
Months now.  He's been feeding me information on Dmitri.	Dmitri <u>Gusunov?</u> What the fuck, why? Forget about Dimitri, Feds are all over him.  They're a heartbeat away from taking him down.  Word's gone out, they don't want us anywhere near him..
Boris and Doris?	Go ahead
Whoa, check it out Beavis. I didn't know Anderson had a Camper.	Yeah, heh heh. Maybe it has a TV. Heh heh. TV
When I was a kid I identified with that kid, down there alone in that pipe...a hundred feet down -- doesn't know if they're going to save him.	What do you mean -- when you were a kid
What the hell are you doing, you crazy some bitches --	We're gonna talk
I don't think he's a schmuck.	"And what's with this new title?!  My poster says ""I CHANGED MY SEX"""
Of course, you're not.  I'm going.	You're going to be on the boat with that dirty old man
Why? You uncorked a bottle. From what I can tell, I got here just in time. Any later and you'd have made the front page, running down Main Street naked, smoking Camels out of your butt.	But I... We don't even know each other
No.	Mr. Kramer, there's-
He had no reason to.	Carl ever say <u>he</u> got one
It was a community service.	Absolutely.  The church even sent me an autographed picture of God.  Ward
Wanta sue me?	No
Because they're coming right at us.	Fire at will. hI~D  NT. PROTECTO
If she wanted to set you up, you'd be in custody right now. When you said you'd name her as an accessory she believed you. That scares her more than anything.	That's why she's givin' up my money huh? Not that bullshit about Melanie. I didn't trust her ass neither, but I knew how to handle her. She was my blonde-headed little surfer gal. I fuckin' told Louis he could've just given her a punch in the mouth, he didn't need to shoot her. She's at your office
What're you waiting for, Mayo? Get your scuzzy ass up here.	Yes, sir
No.	Not even just to see you, to have lunch... in public
But do you stand for anything?	Yes, I stand for 
YOU'D fuck your uncle!	<b>Shut your fucking face, Unclefucka!! You're an asslicking, Ball sucking Unclefucka!! You're an Unclefucka, yes it's true Nobody fucks Uncles quite like you-</b
Pardon me?  I'm afraid I don't...	Cancel lunch.  Make reservations at Campton Place for me and Mr. Butts
I -- I'm wearin' this costume. I'm, uh, I'm gonna do my talent tonight.	Oh really -- I don't think so.  Uh, Amber, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but rules state that a costume must be okay'd at least a week in advance. And this...  This is why we have the rule. My goodness gracious, I couldn't allow a neckline this low on stage. We have kids in the audience
You mean like in the steam room?	That's not fair
Yeah, I do.	Well, act like it. Come on
Closer?  I can try.	"What are you doing? What are thev doino? ~7C INT. SARRIS' SHIP	h37"
Which one is it?	It's the last house on the left. She lives downstairs
That's it, parading the streets ... trailing your coat ... bowling along ... living!	Well, I <U>am</U> living, aren't I
Can we come in?	What do you want
Yeah.	I thought you were sixteen
I think there are some things we should talk about.	I'm beginning not to like you
Sure, sure.  Look, kid -- I put in a good word for you with Sheldrake, in Personnel.	Mr. Sheldrake
I know a lot of men who didn't do anything till they met Walter Burns. Please, dear.	All right.  One -- two -- three -- four -- five. Five hundred. Be careful, honey
He must be tired -- this Bontecou thing --	Yes, he's tired.  I believe so
Hey.  Didn't you steal that one already?	Can I help you
Stop sounding stuffy. I'll take pictures from a jeep. From a water buffalo if necessary.	You're too valuable to the magazine for us to play around with. I'll send Morgan or Lambert
They report it to the IRS.	You don't open an account, Leo, you put it in a safe deposit box. Dip in whenever you want
Are you with me...are you awake...?	Yeah.  I'm awake
Is he?	Jack Carter
Inspirations a fickle thing, you don't realise you had it till it's gone.	And not even then sometimes
Where are you?	We're on our way home. I just...we're running a little late
I would've come sooner, but...I didn't... How're you doin'?	Not in any pain...the good and bad news of a blown out spinal cord
When are you going to be home?	I don't know, Helen. I want you to keep the kids close tomorrow. Leave the T.V. on, sleep with it on in the bedroom until I tell you you can turn it off
Sorry - it's a reflex. Living in an orphanage if someone bothers you - you automatically come up swinging.	I wasn't bothering you. I was trying to wake you up
Cook school -- that did it.	How
What character?  I'm Candy, the chick who gets killed second.  I'm only in two scenes!	You're not happy with your part
No.	No? Then what did he say
I don't need camels.	But, Indy -
Oh shit.  I'm sorry.	Well, that's what Ryan thought.  I was more generous, actually
MONEY DON'T MEAN SHIT!	Didn't know you felt that way
You know my back -	You want to come along quiet
Don't be a fool. You can't get away.	Rick, hide me. Do something! You must help me, Rick. Do something
What?	First the supplier couldn't find the invoice. Then the order came up short. Then I missed the four o'clock plane from Cleveland and had to rent a car, and then I got a darn flat tire on the highway! Can you beat it? Boy, your boss must've been furious when I didn't show up by the end of the day today, huh
You're going to tell me that you had a good time with the old lady.	I did. We played three games of backgammon and..
That's me.  But I don't know who she is... where did you find her?	She dropped in on me... holding this
See, one day we were playing hot box over at my next door neighbor Mr. Langston's house and Anthony fell in the pool and got knocked unconscious. I had to dive in and save him.	This was in fourth grade
How can the buttons stand the pressure?	There are more on the other side
Get a room in a nice hotel for a few hours...	I might have to look into that..
There's one - there's the other, and we're right between them!	So is the town, I notice
Oh, no.	If you have, it isn't too late. You know how I feel about him. But I want to make you happy. You gave me such a scare—I—when I couldn't find you.  You know, the old pump isn't what it used to be
Whenever an employee departs, shall we say, it's up to the head of his department to requisition his file, reassign any outstanding claims, and send it off.	-- You mean my Chief has it
Uh-huh.	Bunch of assholes.  And then, you know, little of this, little of that. My career's, uh, slowed down a bit lately
I wanna live with them too.	No, you can't, they have enough kids, you'll have to live with the Partridge Family
Oh...do you know when she'll be home?	She didn't really say
No, no, it's not possible.	Bring me the ship or I will destroy you
Absolutely -- Sparrin' with the Champ would be an honor -- y'know what?	What
Hell of a show.  Hell of a job, Stan.	...one more day
There's nothing on the show I don't use myself.	"And it's all available in the ""Truman"" Show"" catalogue.  Operators are standing by"
Sorry.	Damn
Why - er -- my husband passed away...  I was with him to the very end.	No wonder he passed away.  I'd like to be with you to the very end. Can't you see what I'm trying to tell you -- I love you
Please, I must get out here.	Come on, you won't have to get near the water
It's not enough snow, not for tracking the bastards. No advantage there, kid.	Don't worry, Mr. Twombley, I know where those suckers are. Rain or shine, snow or no snow. I know deer. We'll kill us a buck today. Guaranteed. Before ten
It's a hell of a lot of money.	What, you think there's something funny about it
Not at all.	Why are you
Trying to be.	Well good for you. I bet it works out for you
So long, young fella.  Knock 'em dead, like your old man used to!	Sure--  You know something?  I have a feeling we're going to stay here
Battery's dead.  Shit.	Let's go
The one in the mine!	People are dying, Quaid!!  Stop!!  We've got to get air!
Well, I'm tired. Aren't you tired?	The chick digs you. She lit up like a pinball machine when she heard your novel was getting published
Give me that gun.	You go to hell
It's late, Mommy -- you haven't forgotten my birthday party.	Your birthday, Amy --  as she goes) -- and I have something for you in my locker. A present
Peter Smith-Kingsley. I've heard about you, of course -- from Marge, and Dickie.	No glasses
Blow the ship up?	And the creature with it.  We can make it back to Irth in the lifeboat
He will be on the train.	But when did he go? How do you know
... Remember, counterfeiting is the Feds.  They'll be all over Abolofia's place.  Stick tight. You I.D. the other plate, he does real time.	Right
What did you do?	I'm a welder
You're the only Mr. Lewis in this class.  If you have something to say, say it so the whole class can hear.	Well, yeah, I was thinking, if cars are gonna be going two or three hundred miles an hour, they're gonna be using an awful lot of gas. Like, what if we run out
It's okay. It's a cop hangout.	Couldn't we just stop at a seven- eleven
No.  I said that.	Are you lyin' to me
A cemetery?	I was fifteen -- we used to go there to smoke. His name was George -- he threw me over for a drum majorette
What the hell do you think you're doing?	Where did you stop last
Maybe. You want to play?	No. Hell, no! You Eddie Felson
The hotel guy?  It's been in the papers lately.  His kids are all suing each other over his estate. He was a total recluse, paranoid, rich as hell, he was worth thirty million or something, now it turns out they can't find half of it.  Somebody took something didn't belong to them!	I hardly see how family gossip is germane to showing the property
Half my life is over, and I have nothing to show for it. I'm a thumbprint on the window of a skyscraper. I'm a smudge of excrement on a tissue surging out to sea with a million tons of raw sewage.	See? Right there. Just what you just said. That's beautiful. A thumbprint on a skyscraper. I couldn't write that
Why is that, Louis?	Bel Air is restricted
JUST SING!	Sing
So you come out with her Robinson's/May bag, go meet Sheronda. Simone peeks out, waits for my man Louis here to give her a signal nobody's watchin'. She leaves the store, gets in her car -- mission accomplished.	Where you gonna be during all this
Kill him.	That will teach you not to bother me any more, you son of a bitch
And you?	Prouder still. You'll be the handsomest student there
What'd you have?	I had a... salad
I'm serious.	We didn't just have sex in the bathroom
Look, all we've got is what Kendall says, and he didn't actually witness any deaths except Nunez. He found West, he saw Mueller and Pike, but just their bodies -- he didn't see any crime committed.	Well, I'm sure if he'd known this was all going to happen he'd have tried harder to witness it for you -
Well, for the same reasons we do, sir. Don't you see?	No, Major, I don't.  They have no regard for human life.  They wouldn't care if they lost their whole country as long as they won
You're about to become the anti-Christ who is born unholy and becomes the door to eternal suffering in this world.	If you or any of your lunatic friends ever come near me again..
But you don't have the money?	We're two thousand short
Twelve.	"Yeah...So I go to her school for that for grade twelve...and we meet...she was fuckin...like a doll...porcelain doll...and the hips...child bearing hips...y'know that?  So beautiful. But I didn't have sex with anyone, you know?  I was not...I couldn't do anything...always scared, y'know... she was...she had some boyfriends...they liked her y'know...but I didn't like that. I couldn't get over that I wasn't a man, but she was a woman. Y'see?  Y'see I didn't make her feel ok about that....I would say, ""How many men you been with?"" She told me, I couldn't take it...take that I wasn't a man....because if I hadn't had sex with women...like as many women as she had men...then I was weak...a boy.... But I loved her...you understand? ....well, of course, I wanted to have sex with her...and I did and we were together....we met...age twelve, but then again...age seventeen...something, somethin... I didn't let her forget that I thought she was a bad...a slut.....a slut I would call her and hit her....I hit her for what she did...but we married...Lily and me and we married...but I cheated on her...over and over and over again...because I wanted to be a man and I couldn't let her be a woman...a smart, free person who was something...my mind then, so fuckin' stupid, so fuckin....jesus christ, what would I think...did I think....? ...for what I've done...She's my wife for thirty eight years...I went behind her... over and over...fucking asshole I am that I would go out and fuck and come home and get in her bed and say ""I love you...""  This'z Jack's mother. His mother Lily...these two that I had and I lost .... and this is the regret that you make...the regret you make is the something that you take...blah...blah...blah... something, something.....  Gimme a cigarettee"
What!?	With the priest, you liked them scrambled.  With the Dead Head, fried. With the bug guy, poached.  Now it's egg whites only, thank you very much
No cop can come in here without a warrant.	I can't hardly believe it. Camp I was in once, they burned it out--the deputies an' some of them poolroom fellas
This certainly is an improvement on the motel an' the coffee shop.  How could you have left such a beautiful place, Bobby?	I don't know
But I assure you, Father Walters, Miss Connell had no idea of the consequences when she went there.	Paul, we're not trying to blame Miss Connell.  It isn't a question of blame.  It's a question of what we are to do with Jessica.  The commissioner is very concerned
Shouldn't we be moving on?	I'm for that
Don Giovannnnnnnni!	Who the devil are you? What do you want
...he's right here, Mr. Mayor...	Bob are you alright...
And where do you think Jezebel comes from?	I don't let anybody call me that
And we got rid of the red head.	Jake? Customs
What happens to Dunbar now?	Gets on his plane in ten minutes, which means you two are done. You'll understand if I don't walk you out
Bombers.	I want to introduce a couple of people. Doc White is a flight surgeon; he has volunteered for gunnery training so that he can go on the mission, because we can't spare the weight of an extra man
You mean we would sell the bodies to the doctors together? Dig them up?	"No digging Joseph. The churchyards are too well guarded. We will ""Burke"" them"
I always though London was the place to be:  capital of the world, the most spectacular city on earth.	The place to want to be is America. Every English child dreams of it. I dreamt it
I am afraid so, son. About a week ago. Her husband phoned me, she had asked him to call me if anything happened.	But... but how? She was young! Rose wasn't old
Did you ever own a saw?	Well, in the garage, back home, we -
....Hi.....	....Hi....
I don't know, Kyle. You're the fucking expert. Now get out of the way!	WHY
Sorry. Look, you sue me, your husband dies, you drop the lawsuit like a hot potato, and all of it quicker than wind from a duck's ass. Excuse me. Then you ask me to lie to the police.	It wasn't much of a lie
Looks like you company can write off its share of this colony.	It's insured
I don't want to.	It's Halloween. I mean don't you want to get dresses up in a really scary costume and get some candy
Am I artifact or dream?  You might ask that about anything.	But you're so... I mean how could you possibly...?  When I was unconscious.  You... downloaded... my thoughts, my memories, even...  This beach.  I've never been here but I remember... it's how I always imagined...  Pensacola
Thanks Meurice.	For what
"""Bobby Cooper."" What brings you to Superior, Coop?"	An overheated car
mmmhmm.	Must have alot goin' on for all that stuff you got back there, eh?  You could have quite a party all that stuff...
Naked!?	Naked
Thank you.	I, well, you know, I tried to take him, in his room
He says you are very sad ridiculous man. I don't agree of course. And that you must pay someone to have sex like a prostitute. Nadia is a prostitute. I'm sorry.	What does he want. The Russian shithead. What do you want 
I don't know. Where did you hear that name.	I overheard daddy mentioning her to someone. I he thinks she's the killer
I'm sure they do.	What do we have that they want
As long as you don't act like a fuckin' nut, we'll be just fine.	What does that mean
I was hoping you'd find out.	Yeah. I sure will
I never thought to ask. How can you ever forgive me?	Oh, no do not say that. You have been so kind to me. I was afraid to say too much. People always want me to be quiet. You wanted me to speak, but I was afraid. Forgive me
He waits. For you. He says he will attack no more towns -- if you are man enough to come fight him.	You spoke with this Wallace in private. What kind of man is he
I don't want you to hurt me.	I don't want you to hurt you. I'll be gentle
--almost a year before he left the Justice Department--	--jeeeeeeeeesus-
No questions.	Smoking is an obsession with me. Maybe one day I'll become obsessed with something else, then I'll stop smoking... Do you have any more questions
I can't leave.  You said so yourself, there is no Minority Report.  I don't have an alternative future.	But you still have a choice.  The others never had a chance to see their future.  You did
It's not my time of month.	Should you see a doctor
I'm fine.	Everything went great, I thought.  We really got you, didn't we
"So why do you sell it for so much more? I'll tell you why-because people come here and they're like ""A dollar eighty for soda? I should get it at Food City. But I don't feel like driving there. I'll just buy it here so I don't have to drive up there."" That's exploiting a weakness, too, isn't it?"	I can't believe you just rolled a joint in here
I'll come back for you.	Aren't you a little optimistic
Wait!	He knows who I am
Yes. But I got a feeling it's not on account of any longing-for-my-touch on your part -	Kip's in troubl
Fire?  What are you talking about?  He had cancer, John.	Cancer.  It was the cigarettes.  Right? The cigarettes
Yeah...  Well, anyway, I also wanted to tell you, I'm not getting married.	You aren't
In the immortal words of Derrick Coleman, WHOOOPDEEDAMNDOO!!!	Derrick Coleman, he possessed all the talent in the world, coulda, shoulda, been a great ballplayer but alas D.C. didn't want it bad enough.  Delacroix, do you want it? Bad enough to kill for it?  Do you want it that much
What is that?	Piss
What?	Are you all right
Annette, just use your hand.	They told me to practice
My handle's Silver Tongued Devil and I'm here to tell you, your fellow CB'ers are mighty proud of y'all.	Thanks much, Silver Tongued Devil
Well, why didn't you say so? We'll just drop all your charges, then --	I'm serious -
Ouch..	What's wrong
Fletch, you want an apology?	You were going to can me, right
Rule one, don't panic. Rule two, assess the damage and act accordingly...	Is the ship going to sink?
Yes. Yes, I have.	You know how beautiful she was?  Her husband left her, and he took her kids... They, they, they'd let you die in there. They don't care. Nobody cares. The Patriot Home, the Chronic Care... in Arlington...? They'd take her in. Perpetual care. They'd take her. Fifty thousand dollars they want. An endowment
Male diff breather, approximately 30, Houston and A.	Ten-four
Tell him not to waste time calling. To get over here soon as he can. I think Thorwald's pulling out tonight.	Who's Thorwald
Can I ask you something?	Shoot
Well, time off for good behavior, you know.  I shouldn't have even been there -- it was these other blokes who shoulda gone in my place.  I got lumbered with the job they were responsible for.  I don't mind pulling me own cart, but not someone else's, know what I mean.	But you stuck it out, anyway, all that time
In English, Pinkerton.	There are only four banks within that travel radius which they have not robbed
No...! Quid pro quo, Doctor.	Billy's not a real transsexual, but he thinks he is. He tries to be. He's tried to be a lot of things, I expect
Well, I could he wrong.	Well...When was the last time you were with Paul Owen
We do!	I'm sorry Esther, I just don't think we can see each other romantically anymore
A little early for a delivery.	Oh..
They never do, Mr. Barker.	Baker
I don't know.  I just keep going over and over the numbers.	Reed.  Even <u>you</u> can't compute every little thing
So you understand the concept then. When you're busy here, your work, what your task is, is being executed elsewhere.	Of course
What the hell did you have to shoot the busboy for?	He was a computer program for crissake
I see. Hank brought them all. That's all right. We'll give them a drink and throw 'em out. How's that?	Okay
Yeah, I know. What are you looking for?	Your purse. I need ten dollars
How crazy is that.	Well, you wanna shoot <u>back</u>, it give you a big <u>target</u>..
Yeah.	Yeah, I think you're probably right... because when you try to..
What's the name of your child's best friend?	Ask me another one-
Yeah, yeah. I'm on it.	The sooner we get under way, the sooner we are to spending what's ours
And you think he could find out her number for me?	He'll do better than that. I'll send him down to Miami on business, you throw him a couple bucks on the side, and he'll track her down
She's probably smash you in the fucking face.	I don't know about that. She was pretty into it. But I wasn't gonna try. The whole thing is, you just gotta take it slow. Show 'em some respect
How do you do?	You've no idea, sir, how unexpected and very welcome you are. My friends and I - and the lady in the plane - left Baskul night before last for Shanghai, but we suddenly found ourselves traveling in the opposite direction
She's a treasure she is.	She'll soon be of age
But, Elaine --	Where is the car
No need, sir	But I could be anybody
I was looking in one of your magazines and saw that picture of the couple getting married at the Pyramids. Were you ever in Egypt?	I was there for that shot, actually
I don't love you any more.	Just like that
And is Foley a part of this?	He's supposed to be, but he hasn't shown up yet, which is a good thing for him
You must have some feeling.  Some immediate impression.  A young, attractive woman, involved with an older man who leaves her everything in his will.  And the things that went on in that house.  Such wild sex.  What kind of picture does that paint?	Not a very good one I'm afraid
Just a deer, Mister Biller. Part of the local wildlife.	Get rid of them
No -- no -- wait -- the man was a burglar -- he was going to steal my money.	Oh, no -- no -- not the Baron
Aw, gee -- we didn't finish our story.	We'll finish it tomorrow... Goodnight, Bobby
That's a shame. I'll send the key right down. And about your promotion --  -- I'm sending that efficiency report right up to Mr. Sheldrake, in Personnel. I wouldn't be surprised if you heard from him before the day is over.	Thank you, Mr. Dobisch
Hey, what do you want to do?  Grow a beard?	Why not
Buzz!  Buzz, come back!	Go away
Well, why can't you just lock the doors and go to bed?	I'm very neurotic
Big night coming up?	Oh, not really. I guess I'll just watch a little TV and --  --  unless...would you be interested in dinner
Yes, sir. The Rift effects all long-range communications.	Commander Riker, evasive maneuvers
Hi.	Looks like things worked out tonight, huh
Saturday, I have some things to do around the house.	So you're monumentally busy
Where is Mr. Sulu?	Captain Sulu... on assignment... anyone seen Spock
With all she was doin'. With all the shit she kept doing! You stayed stuck to that bitch's ass and you wouldn't let go.	I know about how she was like. But we was different. I's the only person she talked to about it. How she's abused. Terrible things, Gill, just terrible..
Better'n me?	Better than what you give
Do you?	We saw her naked once -- didn't we
Excuse me?	Jerry's visits to your office. Why do you tolerate them?  Why him
So you all make the same mistakes?	Gives us something in common
I got us through the War all right.	And almost got hanged in peacetime
Just incidentally -- why are you wearing that?	Ahm -- combination of factors really. No clean clothes..
What'd you call that -- the Protector?	Yes, sir.  Won't find a better CQC on the market
I reckon if you want me to.  I got some of that potted meat and sodie crackers left over if you want some.	I don't see how you can eat that stuff with all those insides it's made out of
I don't, but I'm pretty sure. It's a long story but I cloned a cellular linkup with a binary code scrambler and sent it through the phone network mainframe.  If they start a trace it will be to a Pic'n'Save on Pico.	I knew I could count on you
Is that your idea of a winner? He doesn't give a shit about anyone. He uses people and --	-- It's because of the sex, isn't it? You don't like the sex in it
Partridge?	Yeah
They're bypassing Engineering...	Where the hell are they going
Well, I left some money in there.	Where
He don't, huh?  Well, he knows thirty-nine pages worth of our operation.	How'd you get that
Months of work, and the loom, absolutely ruined!	Look, this isn't my kind of thing!  I wasn't cut out to make little tapestries, or knit little sweaters! I don't do that! I'm a star
Hold on, damn it.  We're getting nowhere... If this bit of Blair's about absorbing and imitating is true... then that dog could have gotten to anybody.	And if it got to Clark... Clark could have gotten to anybody
There's a mate of swanney's. Mikey Forrester -- you know the guy. He's come into some gear. A lot of gear.	How much
Hey! When I was your age, there was only one girl who talked like that in the whole neighborhood.	...Yeah
Well the answer is that I don't know either.  We haven't done it yet.	Never
Doesn't matter. Then put him away.	Sir
And I have a special feeling too, because I do. It's special.	You do? I'm glad. Because I feel for you -
It doesn't matter, I can drive the car home.	You wouldn't
Two minutes.	It's alright.  Be our guests
What you gonna do with it?  Large bore's for shit on small game.	Not in the right hands it ain't
Uh, Alex, we've only know each other one day.	Oh... I guess I'll die now
You mean a safecracker?	Yeah. And I'll tell you who we're going to want: Kumar Banijamali
She only works when I'm on. I make her wait and it drives her crazy.	Is it true that you and Love went on a blind date?  She hit you with a bottle
The thing is, Cameron -- I'm at the mercy of a particularly hideous breed of loser.  My sister.  I can't date until she does.	Seems like she could get a date easy enough..
Oh, I'm sorry, Ma. Oh, don't pay any attention to me. I guess I'm just upset about all this. Gee whiz, here I am with a great opportunity to get somewhere, to give us security for once in our lives, and I'm stuck. If I could put this over, your Mrs. Burke can have six babies!	Do you mean the speech you're writing
Where? At the City Hall? No! I want the whole wedding or we will have Bad Luck. For a whole wedding to be planned, a date must be set.	Alright. A month. In a month
Sure,  You're working on the passports...  ... and visas?	They will be ready. You guys do your job
Well, Rose, going out to look for a job today?	What's the use, there ain't none
Geoff, dinner's ready!  Geoff?!	I'm not hungry
I know you didn't	You know, Andy thinks you're doing this
Hey, it's me.	Phreak
Good to see you again, too, sir.	Okay, O'Neil.  So you've impressed all the others.  Now try me
What happened to the two Clays, Willie?	Out
Hold your tongue.  You don't have that much love.	One day you'll be nice to me.  We might both be dead and buried, but you'll be nice.  At least civil
Why didn't you say something?	That would have kinda defeated the purpose. And Reed...  I'm saying it now
You ever hear the story about the boy who carried a calf around the barn every day?	He died of a massive rupture
Dwight Chapin, Nixon's appointments chief--he knew Segretti in school. Maybe I'm crazy, but this is the first time any of this starts to make sense. What were the three theories?	The burglary was done by Cubans or Democrats or Republicans
You want to stay here, while Cuervo Jones rules the world?	No, that sucks.  How are we getting out
Are you lying to me?	Well..
But you haven't written your novel.	That's the whole point. It's all in my head; it's right here.  I just got to get it out there. Tracy wants me to write it so she can read it.  It's beautiful
Lloyd says it's a publicity release...	The little witch must have had Indians runners out snatching critics out of bars, steam rooms and museums or wherever they hole up... well, she won't get away with it! Nor will Addison deWitt and his poison pen! If Equity or my lawyer can't or won't do anything about it, I will personally stuff that pathetic little lost lamb down Mr. deWitt's ugly throat..
Are there medical facilities on Yavin?	He'll be well cared for
She did?	So she flirted with Tony, and you got mad and sent him away. Who did that leave?  You and Amy. Reunited
I still don't see why we're doing this.	We're supposed to be in school
What is it, young lady?  What are you staring at?	You - you 
It's just the three cent.	It's terrific
Yes, I can see your problem, Mr Kinnear.	Sit down, Jack,  I could weep. I really could. Sometimes I think I'll retire. Just piss off to the Bahamas and let somebody else employ them,  Glenda, get Jack a drink. What is it, Jack
Parker Barnes, I'd like you to meet Crime Czar Elizabeth Deane.	It's too early in the morning for me to be cordial. You got any coffee
You damn well better start working on that impulse control.  A woman who is implicated in this case? Someone who's practically a piece of <u>evidence</u>?	It's against your rules that I try to help a witness who's scared shitless?  Who's..
What do you want us to give you? You want to be paid for ...	I don't want to be paid.  I'm here with Sal and eight other people ... and we're dyin'!  They're gonna blow our guts out, man!  You're gonna see our brains onna sidewalk! How's that for all you shut-ins and housewives to look at!  You gonna help, or you just put it on instead of AS THE WORLD TURNS?  We're dyin' here!  What have you got for me
Could you bring it up?	Well I'll hand it to you
Yes, I am.	Do you have any agreement or understanding whatsoever with the United States government in regards to your testimony
Doc, there's something about what you told me the other night I can't get out of my head. It's driving me batty --  Why me? How did you know you could trust me?	You're completely reliable
Where?	Right there
Do you want to take a quick swim?	Well..
You know the leaders of the underground movement in Paris, in Prague, in Brussels, in Amsterdam, in Oslo, in Belgrade, in Athens.	Even in Berlin
With my money!	We should go burn that school to the ground, sir
The Mamma's there too.	Yes, the Mamma is is there
What happened?	Three times.  Powerful number
What the fuck did you do that for?	If you didn't want to go out with me anymore, why didn't you just say it? Instead, you pussyfoot around and see that slut behind my back
Not our mystery guest again.	No. Someone else. A girl.  I'm not sure she was... real
Ms. Sutton hired you to find the girl.  Period.	Then I guess her case is closed. Mine isn't.  I want to know why everybody wants Zuzu.  Why people are killing and dying for her
Juliet who?	In the play. She was married, by my age. And Mummy. Mummy wasn't much older than me when she got married. Well, not <i>that</i> much older
Hi.	Hold it right there
He ask, I give him anything.	Why's that necessary all of a sudden
Mom and I got plans.	"What ""plans?""  You and Mom got ""plans?"
Because one of us is going to kill the other before this ends.	It doesn't have to be like that.  We don't have to be enemies
That is a matter of opinion.	Sire, you have only enemies in the court of St. Petersburg, and I fear outside your influence, Alexander will have another look at what he has agreed to
Glad of it.	On the other side of the street, crouches in a doorway with Jackson. Upham is a bit in shock, less from the nearness of the bullets than from what Miller just did for him
You write gracefully.  Calligraphy is so similar to fencing.	Maybe it is.  I wouldn't know
That's going to be fun.	Some people like it
London. The World Council of Ministers meets soon on global defence. If you can control the weather, you control the world.	After the cold war ..
It better be good.	There are a couple of kids who were lost yesterday near the site of the murder.  Claimed they saw a monster. They're pretty determined to tell you their story.  You want to see them
Do you still have friends on the force?	Yes, I still have friends on the force
You passed Spanish because you gave Professor Montoya a hand-job after the final.	Yeah, luckily
Because I got some plans -	I'm not doing anything.  I just thought I'd go home and have some cold pizza 
Yeah! Life's looking pretty damn good at the moment.	I don't know what happened to you, Jack ... but I can't believe you were always this much of a bastard
I'm De...	I know who you are
I'll bet.	On television, you seemed so sure of yourself.  If you're really that confident, you'd be willing to let someone prove you wrong
I think Daddy suspects.	No, he doesn't. Not really
Naturally.  So what is your problem?	Acceleration is no longer a constant
Originally, Connecticut.	Big family... small
"""Changes.""  And it's not just the fire or big stuff like that. It's little things.  Did you hear about Bill Miller?"	No. What
Fuck off, Dave.	C'mon, babe! You know what I like... Easy
They'll know I mean business then they get that letter...  see that that gets out immediately and that goes for you too.	Yes, sir
Your self-restraint puzzles me, Admiral. You continue to deny yourself every benefit this mission has to offer...	I prefer to wait until we can share the benefits with all the people of the Federation..
You live in that house behind the store?	Yes I do
Well, the idea's right, anyway. Are you going to call me?	Are you in the book
It's closed... closed. We need one that's open.	Closed
God, what's wrong with him?	Here.  Let me try
Nine!	Big feet
That's right.	As I was saying, I'll pick up the thread. There's a number of ways I can go. There's not much you can do here. Stay if you want. Maybe it'd be better if you went back home. Go through Kristen's personal stuff. Ask around, maybe she knew somebody out here.  Look, I do this a lot. I work at a minimum rate of $750.00 a week. It may seem like a lot of money to you, but it ain't. You could hire cheaper
What're you talkin' about?	You draw lines with pencil!  I know about this
If he pulls me over he gets all the proceeds plus Lenore here.	And if you ditch us we get zilch
Anything else?	Yes
I've got a gig tonight.	Oh
Look Jeffrey.	Yeah. I just saw him outside. Maybe the robins are here
Yah, that is a nice ass.	You could put a pool in that backyard
Jack?	We were talking one time, drinking rum.  I may've mentioned Adele, how she worked for a magician.  Chino got interested.  He's like, Yeah?  How does he saw the woman in half?  He wanted to meet her.  Or get a look at her if she ever came to visit
Why didn't you tell me?	I couldn't. I didn't want you to worry. I thought held sort himself out. I hardly see him. He comes and goes. He's in trouble, isn't he
Are you saying my mother had another husband?	Oh honey, back then...people did crazy things
It is not dead. It is hiding.	Blow it out your bean hole, Pancho!... And to hell with the rest of you!... Look at you. Bunch of rejects. I didn't need you before -- and I don't need you now!  The great ones RIDE ALONE!  Adios, muchachos
Mph rmph rm rmph rm.	What do you mean?! I could leave him if I wanted to
See the tape. Then we can discuss reconciliation. Rex screwed up and I nailed his ass. Now I'm going to have it mounted and have my girlfriends over to throw darts at it. Then I'm getting on with my life. That's all I'm after.	Gotcha
It's beautiful, isn't it?  Just like I knew it would be.  He really must be a wonderful Wizard to live in a City like that!	Well, come on, then.  What are we waiting for
Okay.  Okay, I'm sure.	You feel nothing
Congratulations.	Exciting, wasn't it? Where's Jimmy
Has he sent the challenge yet?	Not yet, but I believe he intends to
...Sure.	Tomorrow you come for some bird, right
Yeah, I'm a real genius.  What choices have I got?  Fuck, just because I know about stuff like tonight doesn't mean I deal it.  I work a job.  It beats pumping gas, beats making hamburgers.	You're telling me it doesn't get to you
Can you tell me how you came to be on the planet where we found you?	"I was taken from my homeworld by people called the ""PakJeds."" They are fat. They traded me to a ship belonging to the ""Bolians."" The ""Bolians"" are blue. They put me in a seat and asked me questions. Then they were attacked by another ship.."
Hey, if it was easy, everybody would want to come up here and do it..... Instead of just us.	You
You should have told me.	It wouldn't have made any difference
I'm in mourning.	You can cut around it, whatever it is. You always do
Yeah, well, I've stopped all that now.	We've noticed and we're glad.  But, you know... how are we going to make peace here?  We want to make things easier for you.  What can we do? Obviously I know how special Laura is, and I know things can't be good for you at the moment.  I'd hate it if I lost her.  But I'd like to think that if she decided she didn't want to see me anymore, I'd respect that decision.  Do you see what I'm saying
I hate to bust your bubble, but I wasn't defending you.	But you was going to fight for me
This way, Daphne.	Now you tore the other one
You're interrupting a personal conversation.	Sorry Fish
Anyway, thanks for helping me out.	I suppose you know this isn't going to be pleasant for either of us, especially for you. I'll have to arrest you of course
What-what-I don't... It's not natural! We're sleeping in a bed together. You know, it's been a long time.	I know, well, it's just that- you know, I mean, I-I-I-I gotta sing tomorrow night, so I have to rest my voice
What is that?	What does it look like?  It's an address book
Well, where did he go?	Bodega Bay. He goes up there every weekend
All right, Nancy, how'd you track me down?	Billy Sutcliffe said he saw you at a bar down in Gardena a few weeks ago. Said you looked so bad, he barely recognized you
All right.  How about this?  We put a watch on this Pemberton, somebody tries to grab him...	Then we've got our proof. Excellent.  And where do we find this fortunate scientist
What are you doing here?	I forgot some of my stuff
No, Victor, there isn't.	I love you very much, my dear
That's me.	I'm glad you came
You don't know how pleased he'll be.	What
Two days.	And judging by this segment alone, it's already eaten about..
You can't kill me like this.	What if you and me got into a struggle... and my gun went off
That's it! An electronic army! If I were us, I'd get on the internet, send out a major distress signal.	Hackers of the World, Unite
Don't you sometimes hate yourself?	Constantly.  No, in all serious- ness, it's really good.  It's fun writing again.  I'm happy here, honest I am
Calo and Fabrizzio are with me; nothing will happen.	You must understand that your Father's enemies have friends in Palermo
So you thought that maybe I'd grown too attached to this charade I've been playing, is that it?	It's been known to happen
What?	There are things that speak to us from the past
It would be better that you return tomorrow, my lord.	It would be better that you tell her to get off her knees and show some civility to her six-day lord and master
About what?	You people have really screwed up!  I received word that you allowed yourselves to be <u>photographed</u>.  And you let Betelgeuse out and didn't put him back, and you let Otho get ahold of the handbook
You mean, while I'm here.	I'd just like to know the true versions of things. Events. Stories. You
What are they?	Fertility beads
I have rerouted auxiliary power to the lateral thrusters- attempting to level our descent.	All hands, brace for impact
Of course. Sorry. I'm such a fucking asshole.	No you're not
Kuato's gonna make you remember a few things you knew when you were Hauser.	Like what
It'll take hours.  You can't make me do this.	You're right, I can't make you do it. Besides, you're probably gonna be too busy with the Franchise Tax Board anyway
Someone should hurt them.	Yes
Every place has hookers, but if this hotel has hookers, they don't look like they're...	Off the boulevard
You've got to go.	Why
Go and ask her if she wants to play.	Ask her yourself
She can't see out. She can't tell us where the Fortress is.	Yes, they knew of your first contact, so they drove her below
Have you talked to Tom about it?	Of course I have
You know who that is?	Yea
So you say.	He came tearing around the corner, out of control -
I see.	I'm staying with a friend
He's wrong, you know -- about Kennedy, LBJ, Truman.	How so
What you thought!?  What you thought...I'm a workingman, I'm trying to get my wife out of town, we hired you, we're paying you, I got to find out from the other side they offered two hundred...	I'm going to win this case...Mist...Mr. Doneghy...I'm going to the Jury with a solid case, a famous doctor as an expert witness, and I'm going to win eight hundred thousand dollars
My whole world.	In that little thing
They must have been locked and secured after we were beamed here.	Isolate one and re-route its command sequence through the auxiliary processor..
I didn't say that. That's up to you. I think that if you do, if you choose to come back, you'll be a better pilot... a better man.	Would you take me back? Would they
Good.	I was a little worried about the line of my throat.  This woman has done wonders with it
I'm tired.  I need to rest.	There are things I have to know
What do you mean?	Well, if we're, like, the man invisible, what are you
Guess the capital of Brazil --	Rio, baby
Yah, Shep Proudfoot said -	Shep said you'd be here at 7:30. What gives, man
So how do you know that you've ever been invisible?	I just know
Anybody in this department ever worked a serial killer case?  She's the expert.  I need help.	How about I put Nikko on it
I teach this shit, I didn't say I knew how to do it.	You ever think about gettin' remarried
Up to you. I'd like to go early and leave pretty soon after that.	I get you loud and clear... hey, you look nice
Would you really have drawn my blood?	If you'd fought one whit below your abilities I'd have scratched you a good one
It has a bed. That's all I care about.	Other places have beds, they also have cable TV, a gym, room service..
What happened to the lights?	Bulbs burned out, nobody bothered to replace 'em
Many worthy of attention; but valuing is something more.  I could value only someone whom I loved.	Then you have never loved?  Your heart is empty
It's not just art, it's history. Something you Americans don't care about--because you haven't got any.	That's because we live in the future. Which is what's on my mind
Why does he always pick on me?	He is just being like all parents, concerned about the ones they love
Oh, here and there.  I flew something similar in my Academy days.	All right, then this is old stuff to you
As an irredeemable criminal? You compare me to them?	If you persist, you leave us no choice
My dad's retired.  He was a Private Investigator.  Forty years.  I used to work for him.	I can just picture that, a cute girl like you following slip-and-fall and whiplash cheaters
Sidney is a liar!	Who said Sidney
No. I'm happy because Caitlin came to see me.	Now I know you're lying
What's that?	White perch
LeMalle.  We got a problem. Where's Mitchell?	Goddamn!  Viking Bob!  Mitchell's inside, boring bastard..
What are we like in...1998?	We're okay...we're good, Dad
With two BRI Sabot slugs in the chest.	Through the chest.  Rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts
Clarence...	Let me handle this
In the necropolis, when I saw him, - alive,... walking, he called me Anck- su-namun. And then in Mister Burns' quarters he tried to kiss me.	It is because it was you who read from the Book. He has chosen you to be the human sacrifice needed to regenerate the body of Anck-su-namun
No!  Wrong!  This man's name is Robert Paulson.	Robert Paulson
What kind of stupid question is that?!	"Because the answer's ""yes"" or because the answer's ""no?"
So, William Randolph. Your last big scoop contrasted the popularity of Rice Crispie Treats and chocolate Snickerdoodles at the annual bake sale.	That's just one example. My reporting has made a difference
No. You don't.	Yes I do, I really do
Milt Joyce, owner-operator.	Well, excuse me for askin', Milt, But isn't it kinda dead in here
Yes, but... I thought, perhaps tonight, under the circumstances, I might... stay here with you.	Oh, darling!  Don't let's spoil everything
My wife.	Where is the little lady
Are you crazy?  You'll wake the whole neighborhood!	Hi Mom
Now son, it's a bitter thing to say, but there's more than your sister at stake here.	There sure is! I'm going to tell you somethin'...I wasn't going to speak of it...But I'll tell you now. Did you notice them scalps strung on Scar's lance?  Did you see the third scalp from the point of the lance? Long... wavy hair..
What does that mean?	Well, one day I'm invited skiing, the next day I'm not, one day we're all one family, the next day he wants to be alone. You tell me
The name of my User, yeah. But how... ?	I, uh... I'm a program from a User that... knows Alan...
How's Broussard?	He's running a fever
Could be Leon's.	Jesus.  And last week you came over with blood on your shoes.  What am I going to do with you
Is this - like - a normal day for you?	It's a lousy job, but -  The only reason I stay is for the health benefits
I refuse to turn out like them. Twenty-one years old and they're already looking for a husband.  Stupid fucking cunts with no self- esteem. They let the boys control their lives. Not me.	Must you use that awful word
How much is this?	Umm... That's not officially for sale... I might have to hang onto that for the time being
Mulder -- what are you doing?	Just get dressed. I'll explain on the way
See you over there, Miles.	Yeah
Good heavens!  Whatever?  Has she died of grief?	She took on so at your going away that she was obliged to console herself with a husband.  She is now Mrs. John Best
Why did she do it?	You... she said I didn't love her
I'll tell you what I'll do. I get thirty dollars a week. I'll take twenty-five, twenty if necessary. I'll do anything you say.	It isn't the money. We're after circulation. What we need is fireworks. People who can hit with sledge hammers—start arguments
The wind blows... the fire burns...	I know all that, Leeloo! I'm talking about the Stones
Bravo! Bravo! Our chairs are indeed almost touching! And we want to remain seated on them, correct? We don't want them snatched from under us, am I right? Because if one goes, the other goes, and then - boom! Boom! And we are both down before our time, you see? And neither of us wants that, do you agree?	I certainly do
You promised me flowers tonight, don't you even remember?	Sorry... I was distracted
What was she afraid of?	Well, I believe her mind was playing tricks on her, God rest her soul.  She would hear things, see things..
Fine.	Good
Mmph?  Where am I?	"You're shooting ""Bride Of The Atom."" Scene 85"
I don't like your perfume in my office. Make it somewhere else if you don't like Charlie's.	Charlie's suits me fine. I don't scare
Pretty much what you'd expect.	That's what I thought
Yeah, the guy owes Momo a few G's.	What I'm thinkin' is maybe Momo could buy it
I didn't know her.	And nobody else saw her in the water
Look, honey, being a superhero... it's a guy thing.	Really
How old am I?	I don't know
We have to try it.  We can't stay here.  Melanie needs help.  Mother, the house won't take another attack.	If...  If... when we get to San Francisco...  If they're already there
Why did you park way back there?	Miss Rustokov refuses to let total strangers drive her car
How could you be a part of this?	These are my people now. I'm one of them
Mrs. Lampert --	What do you want
We've got her sister.  Testifies she had a meal one hour before she was admitted to the hospital. This is the point.	You got the admittance form says patient ate nine hours prior to admittance
Leave me alone, Conor.  Please.	You're not talking sense, Mara
Not if he's inside the desk. We'll carry the desk over.  Give me Duffy!	You can't take that desk out. It's crawling with cops outside
Something grand and beautiful, George. Something I've been searching for all my life. The answer to the confusion and bewilderment of a lifetime. I've found it, George, and I can't leave it. You mustn't either.	I don't know what you're talking about. You're carrying around a secret that seems to be eating you up. If you'll only tell me about it
What?  Oh yeah, the camera man?  They gave me a list.	And you got Skye Davidson.  Pretty big leagues for a first timer.  Do you even like movies
What are they peeking at? Captain Waldowski in the shower?	Part of him. Painless is the owner and operator of the Pride of Hamtrack. That's where he comes from... Hamtrack, Michigan
I don't know your real name.	Maybe I don't want you to
Yeah, I know.	Would you like a piece of cake
He had to come quickly.  It was a big leak.	How come I didn't hear anything
Reggie -- why won't you listen?	I'm through listening to you
You wanna see if he has more shells, go ahead. I say we wait...	No, no, no... you don't know shit about procedure! You don't send your best..
Pretty good. Found out the Hautmans are entering a painting this year.	Aw, hon, you're better'n them
And gives it to you.	Wants to share
We must... stop... soon. Women are... tired.  You... understand?	I understand. This is not good place to stop.  Two leagues from here. No water 'til then.  That where we stop. Better place
How many buildings does she have to burn? She belongs here!	That's not how she feels. She may never feel it
What did you see?	A dirtbag behind the counter holding a sawed-off. A Berretta nine millimeter in his belt. A female hostage, red dress, on the floor in front of the cereal display. Male hostage, jeans and blue checked shirt, three feet to her right. Another male hostage, white pants, green shirt, Nikes, laying in front of the magazine rack. A female dirtbag with a gun under her shirt, sitting against the beer cooler, trying to pass herself off as a hostage, and there's a special on toilet-paper, four for a buck twenty-nine
I'm done with her now. Tonight really creeped me out.	You're crazy to let go of a chick who calls you Lotte. I tell you that as a friend
I thought it would make more sense. I'm getting the pieces, but when I put it together it feels like... Like you're telling me about somebody else's life...	It's the truth...  I need you.  I know you're innocent
I've got something...	I sincerely hope so
Don't make me come there. Answer me.	I love you
I want to go!	Where
We can't sing without her!  What should we do?	We'll pray -- and she'll be there
Why?	She'd punish me
Wow. You must have 20,000 lines of code there...	34,000. But they're real short lines. 'Just came out that way
Gone.	We're here to stay
Goodnight Shelly.	Goodnight
Like...?	"Like ""three thousand a ki?""  That's nice. And I can supply the transportation into South Florida and the Gulf, more reliable and on-time than FedEx.  But, three per ki was OK for openers"
I know what you're going to say.	Do you
Looks like a diner.	"Diner, huh? Let me tell you what the problem is. I wake up drugged to find what? You've got a ""salesman"" over here reading a three week old newspaper. He's pulling a 211 with a ""trucker"", who happens to be packing a cop issue H&K 9mm. I get tipped that something is going down when she passes me a note. How's that for twisted logic? How did she know there was trouble unless they pulled the guns before I ""walked"" in? And if that's true, why'd they stop and wait until I woke up to gaffle the money? Then I notice how beefy they both are. Hell, even the waitress is cut. All three of them look like they went through the same training program. Ergo they ain't strangers and this isn't what it seems. That's how I knew yo-yo wouldn't get a round off even if I gave him all day. Why"
Nasty cough.  -- Try one of mine.  Darling, you need to get out of the house.  Why don't you give Daniel a call?  I'm sure he'd be glad to hear from you.	Maybe I'll do that
Kim-Lo?	No.  This is Diane.  I think you have the wrong number
You're wasting your time, Duke.  Outside, everybody! Let's get it over with.	Wait a second, Hoffy. Schulz says he's our best friend. Maybe he can give us a little hint
Twombley's shot. I heard that. Not Jack. He's okay, I assume.	Fuck. You don't know how bad or anything
337.....I'm sorry....	It's ok, take your time
I'm here.	Do you think the film could have cost that much
The what?	The ringer!  The ringer, Dude!  Have they called yet
If you won't do it for love, how about money? Forget the other offer and I'll raise you twenty-five bucks a week.	Listen, you bumble-headed baboon -
Yeah.	I get off work in fifteen minutes. Walk me home
How long will it take you to get home?	Many, many days and nights..
Oh. You know him.	A little
Graverobbers from <u>what</u>??	From outer space!  It's science- fiction.  <u>Very</u> big with the kids! If you make this picture, you'll have enough money to finance a HUNDRED religious films!  <u>And</u> pay my back rent from the profits
Have you thought of what you want planted yet?	The fields have been left so long; with a good manuring anything will grow
I NEED SOME	YOUNG BLOO
Dad!	What happened? What happened? Who did this to you
I'll talk to the cops tomorrow and tell you if it's on.	Talk to you tomorrow
Come on, you guys.	Well, I don't know...
Slow down there, honey... I don't want the vibration to weaken the model.	Oh... I'm sorry..
Who is the best.	Nope
Guess who?	When..
You can't talk to it?	No, it's like a safety. We are going to have to access the manual controls
An oath is an oath precisely because it cannot be removed!	Why do you follow him, d'Artagnan?! I know you have put service above your own life, but why does this King deserve such loyalty?  He is a monster!  He executes ministers for his own blunders, with their families hostage so they take the blame!  He has no honor
Hold your course. Look sharp...	At what
They're all right, aren't they?	Beautiful. And what of it?  Let me tell you something: so far as I'm concerned, her whole sex appeal is in that safe
Yeah, that's kind of crazy, ain't it!	No, it was irresponsible
We have to save the world.	Good luck.
Oh, shit.	Come on, old Pete
They are not.	Yes, they are. You're out of shape
I don't know, but close.	This is dangerous. I'm sending backup
That's not right, really, cuz I...	You joined up in that monkey troop cuz you had a plan for yourself. Army'd pay for school. You were gonna get a degree, maybe somethin' in business or agriculture and you were gonna make somethin' of yourself
Go ahead.	I'm in terrible trouble.--You know that big high bluff near Miller- town Junction
I'm not snickering.  I'm smiling. Because I'm happy.	What am I missing?  What do you have to be happy about
No.	You've never been in Constantinople
So why all the secrecy? Why aren't you guys working with the US military?	I am not permitted to speak of such things
A name?	Yes, a name for the operation
Do you?	Yes indeed. I need protection
You know what that creep and his frogfaced footmen are calling me <u>now</u>?  In front of the whole <u>world</u>? Frosty, the Snow Bitch!!	That's so weak
An investment banking house.	He's Jewish? Manzetti
I can help you.	Not unless you can raise the dead
Well you're telling your teachers and your friends --	Mass hysteria
That's it.	But that wasn't Johnny's fault
Darcy. Benny's little sister.	Oh. You like her
Clean?	No. I mean yes, he's clean but he's also other things. He's a very hard worker. Very honest. Very caring. Gentle. Good father
So, aren't you going to ask me?	Ask you what? You mean what kind of horrifying sick shit is coming next
Too late now.	Tell me where you are, or just leave the line open so I can trace you
That was just for fun.  How can I leave?  Where would I go?	Wherever we want.  We'll get rid of anyone in our way.  Even your father
Forget it....	Money is money...
He's not... They feel he... maybe he might not recover, and that he'll either...	Don't tell me about this..
I saw you look off when Francois nodded his head.  I figured he wasn't pointing out a particularly rare shrub, and the rest was easy.	But how did you know I would have the presence of mind to pull my weapon when I did
Michael, what are those men doing?	They're waiting to see my father
I'm not sure.  I've never seen anything like it.	You're a fucking biochemist, aren't you?  Can't you tell us something
Work's been slow for me since the cartoons went to color.  But I still got it, Eddie...  'Boop boop be-doop'.	Yeah, you still got it, Betty.  Who's Mr. Jocularity
There's something else I would like you to help me with.	Name it
Ah, you bet your life you didn't! You look in your papers, ladies and gentlemen, and you'll find Miss Mitchell's signed confession that she was the one that wrote it!	Listen, folks, it's a fact that I didn't write the letter, but this whole thing started
Nonsense. A man is always ready for marriage -- with the right girl. And Lisa Fremont is the right girl for any man with half a brain, who can get one eye open.	She's all right
Weren't you going to come out to say good-bye?	I already did that
Other than that... You all right?	...And now you're making fun of me? I'm warning you! If you don't take me after all these years of sacrifice, I'll never forgive you!
There was a brown dog that ran across the road up there, right by the dump, and Dolores slowed down not to hit him, and he ran into the woods.  And then Dolores drove on and turned onto the Marlowe road, as usual.  I remember that.  I'm remembering it pretty clearly.	You are
Who's Joey Venza?	Bad fuckin' news.  Even the families dropped him when they found they had a fruitcake on their hands.  But he knows where a lot of bodies are buried.  It'd cap it for Garber if he could bring him in
Let's watch some 'M.T.V.'	People still watch that
"And you've decided to get <u>married</u>.  You've decided a <u>lot</u> of things.  But, in spite of your decisions--you are still ""nagged"" by feelings of:  <u>despair</u>, of <u>failure</u> of... you still have the <u>nightmare</u>, you..."	What is your point
It's not serious, it's just training. You have to learn from the beginning to hit the target, then, to improve precision, you'll train, but on cardboards.	OK
OH MY GOD!! YOU KILLED KENNY!!	YOU BASTARD!
That's the rub.	Oh, as bad as that, huh
We're holding the workers down below.	Why
What is it Laura? What's wrong?	I just want a friend. Just one friend for just one minute..
I sleep with my spats on.	Quit kidding.  You did that vulcanizing job on Toothpick Charlie - and we know it
No, you didn't. They found William Starks' body dead in the snow.	How'd he die
I tremble with fear! You're bound to pound the quivering lips of my Venus mound!	And then -- to prove your truly mine -- I'll plunder you, darling, from behind
Hi.	Hi.  Sam
The recovery is very impressive.	The recovery? Oh , yeah! Hey, they rebuilt the freeway in six months
If I'm so far from the truth, why is the FBI bugging our offices?  Why are our witnesses being bought off and murdered?  Why are Federal agencies blocking our extraditions and subpoenas when we were never blocked before?	Maybe 'cause there's some rogue element in the Government
Step outside, pal.	Love to-
You stole my boat.	AnaMaria!  Have you seen Gibbs?  I need to put together -
You're a peach.	Funny you should say that. My Grandfather was a peach farmer
Ahhh!!!  I never heard of that term before.  I thought you were BLACK of African-American.  No?	Well before there was BLACK or AFRICAN AMERICAN, there were NEGROES.  I'M A NEGRO
I'd rather not...	Betty, I don't wanna shrivel up alone in some stinking prison. No way. I've got some professional pride. And I don't want anybody else to get the credit for taking me out
Right again. You're no more an atheist than my man's a Red, but what they're doin', see, they're addin' up their version of your ideas with their version of ours. Could look bad for your Daddy.	Yeah. Could look bad for you and Kaminski too, I guess
What have you set your mind to?	Being a good Muslim, a good nurse and a good wife
I stopped rolling houses in the sixth grade, Mom.  Get out of my room.	You know... it would be nice to look at you some time... and see my son. I don't recognise this person today
They pulled them up from all the crossroads, so when the Germans land they'll lose their way.	Won't they have maps
Hey, I don't want to hear.	That's how they do it, you know. Seizes its prey and shakes its body savagely.  Teeth gnaw through a man like a buzz saw
Have you received acknowledgements from every plane?	They're coming in now
See does he want some.	Do you want some food
Just for that no hint today.	Why are you doing this?  You must have some idea of the pain you're causing people
Ahhh... I'm afraid I've got a prior commitment.	Next time then.  We perambulate here most every night
Howard Stern.	Obviously
It's just the God damned English doing everything by the book.	There's no need for language, Mr. Hockley.  Go back and turn the heater on in my room, so it won't be too cold when we get back
Well, there isn't a literal connection, Dude.	Walter, face it, there isn't any connection.  It's your roll
Let's have dinner first.	Of course
I would rather have you than Simone.  Believe me.	That's sweet, Viktor, but I couldn't let you do that -- make that kind of sacrifice.  It's strange.  I've stabbed people in the back, clawed and slept my way to where I am -- it goes with the territory -- but, for some reason, I can't betray Simone. There's... I don't know any other way to say it -- there's a goodness to her
I mean--a lot of gentlemen would be offended if you searched them like that.	It all depends on what you're used to
Dad's disappeared!	He was there and then he wasn't
You must learn magic.	That's all I ever wanted
Eh, where's my grandfather?	Don't worry about him. He can look after himself
It's taken on a disguise.	Clarify that
Hang...	...on
I take it you've never masturbated?	Well, I kind of tried once. It just seemed stupid, I kept seeing myself lying there and it seemed stupid, and kind of, uh, I don't know, and then I was wondering if my dead grandfather could see me doing this, and it just seemed like a dumb thing to be doing when we don't know what to do with all that garbage, you know
And all I'm asking for is the truth. That would take five minutes.  For all I know, you caused the explosions at the silo... and now you're trying to steal Zephram's ship.	I am not a thief..
I'll keep lover boy here entertained.  You know the first thing I'll do when she gets here. I think I'll make her suck my dick, and I'll come all in her face. I mean it ain't nuttin' new. She's done it before. But I want you as a audience.  Marty, what the fuck are you doin'?	I'm tryin' to find my jacket
Mr. Dobisch said that?	And Mr. Kirkeby tells me that several nights a week you work late at the office -- without overtime
What? Come on. She's got a good thing with Victor --	I'm sorry, did that cosmic-bath loosen your screws
I got my wish anyway.	You mustn't tell anybody, or it won't come true
Gus insists that I become friends with these kids. The popular kids. It's impossible.	Why is that impossible
The Western Woods.	Look again
Recluse. Kinder word.	You must remember that bad business out there. About ten years ago..
We learn something new about ourselves every day.  Now. Maybe I didn't make myself clear. It is very important that you tell me exactly what Captain Picard knows.	I told you everything. You might as well just kill me right now
I don't think he really had any. He had no family either.	We know that
On the show I talk to the computer and repeat what it says. So that's what they built.	C'mon, we're wanted up on the command deck
My apologies.  I had no business snapping at you.	No harm done
Ya did good. I ain't seen the Boss so happy in weeks.	Look at this boy. He hardly eats. Like that fella killed Caesar
You don't know anything... borrowed your car. Didn't say why. And you never heard of that woman and her boy.	John, why?..
So you want to go swimming?	Dave -- I'm working
Well, I gotta tell you.  With a wife, three kids, and a pension plan in the balance, it's rattling hard.	We say nothing.  It goes away.  Simple as that
Then you tell me, what just happened?	The payoff
What a lovely room you have here.	How many families live here with you
A Rep from Miles Jergens' Promotions was lookin' for ya -- They need sparrin' partners for Creed.	Ya puttin' me on
Shouldn't be, Dil	Why shouldn't I be jealous
They could clean around the arrangement.	I don't like people snooping around my stuff
You're too goddamned paranoid.	Paranoia's only reality on a finer scale
Jesus, what a day I've had. Ever had one of those days?	Seems like nothing but, lately
Not you?	Me?  I don't know what you mean
You've got the utility systems walkthrough, right?	I have sectors 1-28.  I think Hector has the upper levels
How did you get in here?	I hid outside in the hall till the maid came to turn down your bed. She must've forgot something and when she went to get it, she left the door open. I sneaked in and hid till she finished. Then I just looked around - and pretty soon I was afraid somebody'd notice the lights were on so I turned them off - and then I guess, I fell asleep
Ah yes, August Gorman. Have you looked for work this week, Mr. Gorman?	Yeah
Can we look around in your camper?	Sure. I'll give you the royal tour
That's what he said, is it?	Yes.  Abbot understands these things
I think Clinton is a breakthrough. Shaw denies he knows Ferrie or Oswald. Is that right?  It proves he's a liar.  Keep on it, Bill.	This is interesting - are you ready for this?  Oswald went to see the FBI two weeks before the assassination.  It seems Special Agent Hosty made three routine visits to his house, supposedly to keep an eye on Marina Oswald
"Probably because it sounds scary.				*"	This is impressive, gentlemen. Of course, it would have been even more impressive if you actually knew where he was
Uh-huh.	Yeah, so... I'm gonna wait and see what happens there... But that sounds great, yeah
Why? When?	I feel as if you haven't heard anything I've been saying to you
I <u>like</u> our history. And I like you. I'd probably like <u>Brill</u> if I ever got to--	He doesn't work that way
Hey, Joe!	Suppose Lake Michigan overflows
What did he pay you, Mimi, to stick to that story?	It isn't a story - it's true.  I did see Wynant.  He's not dead
Yeah. Me?	Yes, you
My husband's here for work-he's a photographer- and I just came along...I'm not really doing anything right now, and we have some friends who live here.	How long have you been married
Why don't you speak to her, Ramona? Women are good at that sort of thing. Think of something that will make her stay a few more days.  You are kind, Ramona! Speak to her. I know I don't need to offer you anything, but, if you're successful in this, I'll not forget you or your little girl.	But sir, what can I say to her? And why should she pay any attention to what a servant tells her
Really? Well, let it rip.	Oh, no-no-no -- much more bang for everyone's buck to nail the bitch -
Doolittle, you must tell me one thing.	What's that, sir
See, it's all about what they see walking in.  A dead hooker, handcuffs, penetration... they'll see a trick gone wrong.  Random kill.  The kind you never solve.	But that doesn't add, does it
Sure am, who are you?	I am Vada Margaret Sultenfuss. My mother was..
And if I go to New York, the natives there will carry me? I don't think so.	I don't think so either
Are you all right, Marty? You seem a little...nervous.	Oh, no, I'm fine...fine
Edmunds?	Don't make stuff up, these emotional theories, just so you can feel important here
Are you all right?	No, I'm not
It was not my intention to amuse you. These are serious charges. However, if you surrender now-	I'm sorry, Spock. I can't surrender now. I'm not through violating Neutral Zone Treaty. In fact, I'm just getting started. And now for my next violation I intend to steal something. Something very big
I'll tell you what I'll do.  I'll give you Mrs. Teasdale as security.  or my jackknife.  If you want my advice, you'll take the jackknife... I've a better proposition...  Make it $25 and I'll give you a first mortgage on my son and I hope you foreclose.	Your Excellency, haven't we met before
The one with the horses.	That's me
Uh-huh.	What am I doing
Ah.  That's what I was going to do.	Oh, yes, I forgot: It's your occupation, isn't it
Were the leads...	...what am I going to do all month..
How do you know?	I know because... it's just something I know
No, no, get away, get away from me...	Wyatt..
The ship is sailing wihout us!	Not yet
Just one. The back up.	Could I have it, please
Yes you do.  You know exactly what I'm talking about.  You're afraid I want to hold onto you, and I do, but you're not ready... at least not for me.	But it's not true, I feel good with you... It feels right..
Oh, no!	Well, it is simple. It's all in the thumb, see? A lot of people do it
That—  —word again! Why do you keep saying conscience, conscience... .	I never mentioned the word before. In his agony he grips a glass standing on the night table
Just a little joke, Miss Farmer.	This whole thing is a joke
Yah, thanks, Stan, it's a pretty -	What kind of finder's fee were you looking for
...you crazy bastard.	All right, you got it, you got it
He's turned into a completely normal person!	Normal. What's normal? Does normal exist? And if it did, how would we know it
Oh yay! And then I could be as happy as you!	For your information, I am very happy. Deliriously happy. I lead a very happy life
No.	Must be your lucky day then. I’ve got your accounts - you don’t owe much tax for last year
Not her. You!	What is it
Huh, fine.	Page 22, Candy's big moment
You look so different.	I know. It's awful, isn't it? Night of the Living Cheerleaders
I fell out of my bed last night.	You slept too near where you got in
The Uzi 9 millimeter.	You know your weapons, buddy
...ergency procedures.	I haven't got an emergency. Get out of here
...outlaw nation but strangely those who have interviewed Gaddafi find him, in a phrase we like to use in this country, very 'presidential'.	Nice, Jane
Detectives!	That's Father at work, What'll I do?  Peter, what'll I do
Oh. What's happening about the opera?	Oh, that - well, we had another meeting. I told them I'd go on being Chairman if
And that makes you look like a squid?	I'll tell you what, no one with lyme disease gonna win any damn handsome contests
Oh -- not too much. Taking it easy.	That's what I'd do if I could. Nothing wrong with that. Hey Ben, Elaine's coming down from Berkeley soon. I want you to call her up this time
You should've been there, Venkman. Absolutely incredible!	Yeah, sorry I missed it.  I guess you guys didn't know about the dress code here.  It's really kind of a coat and tie place
Something I want?	If we could change something in your life, anything at all, what would you like that to be
No, it wasn't...You mighta said you loved me...You mighta asked me to wait...At least that'd have been something...	But I allus loved you...You know that, without my sayin' it...I couldn't bring myself to ask you to wait...the little I had... not knowin' how much longer until we found Debbie..
Trent, I don't feel like going out tonight. I got shit to do tomorrow...	Listen to you. I got an audition for a pilot at nine and I'm going. You gotta get out with some beautiful babies. You can't sit home thinking about her
Take this back with you.  Deliver it safely to Tigrillo in San Diego and we have a deal.	That's crazy.  My husband is on trial for smuggling
What about me?	A lot of people think you're a snitch.  It's dangerous ..
Stand aside, Sam, Nature's callin'.	Nobody leaves here till seven thirty
Shhh... Remember this is a privilege, so I don't want none of you goons fuckin' up. Kay?	'Kay, Mac
Yes, sir?	Dammit, Radar, wait till I call you! Tell Major Burns..
What's she doin' now?	She hooked up with Fed McGar, they've done a couple a jobs together. Good little thief. So, explain the telegram
What the fuck do you mean?	I mean he ain't here
Can we get some coffee...?	How ya doing
Yah?	Margie Olmstead
The ring?... he was brought to us as is, Baron.  I...	You killed the doctor too soon, you fool
What, you're afraid?	Confusin' me with Johns now -- fear was <u>his</u> monkey. I only deal in life and death. All that stuff in between? Some shade of grey my eyes don't see
Don't think it's even an issue.	We're safe
What are you doing here?  Please... leave... you can't stay here...	Why?  Are you waiting for someone else
Hard to work up an interest in politics, way we live.  You're the first people we've seen in two weeks.	23   CONTINUED
Hello, Doc.	Hi
Is it Cartman's mom?	Very funny
Surprised?	No. Women're always followin' me 'round
I want you to head right home after school.	I will. Is that all
Jesus, Daniel.  It wasn't Ryker's Island.  It was work camp for white collar criminals.	A cage by any other name would still smell like sweaty ugly men
Okay, sucker.	Yeah... Okay, stand aside, you guys! You're usin' up my oxygen
What are you getting at!	I said nothing before, for fear you wouldn't believe me.  I've exorcised forces from this house. Eliza knew, she was there.  It wants another soul, the one we've taken away. We must weaken it
Where ya goin'?	Harlin's
A private investigator?	Mr. Gittes
Yes, sir...	Never pass up a good thing, eh 
He was a con man, wasn't he?	He was a tear-off rat.  He got what he deserved.  No sense helpin' pay his bills
You're sure this is a good idea.	My people love me
Hey, King.  Somebody at Burpelson has a very perverted sense of humor.	Yeah
You sure you didn't see one of these?	Gross. What is it
Moss...Who told him?	How the fuck do I know?  What...talk to me
You really love me, don't you?	You know I do.  I even wrote you into my will
This has nothing to do with Walter.	They want Walter dead
The Capitol Dome! Lighted up!	You--uh--you better relax, Senator. You'll be plumb wore out
Jody, she's alive.	What
If he's not dead, he'll keep coming back.	He's dead Sheila
So if there are alternatives that make sense -- and I'm not saying there are -- we need 'em. Need 'em fast.	What about the allies? Congress? I think we may need to start letting key people know. And they're all scattered across the country for the campaign. We're going to need to get the U.N. staff in and warmed up. Jesus... I don't even know if we've got secure communications with half our embassies since that the Soviets got that cryptographer of ours
The Academy, then CIIAC.	I read your white paper. It's sort of like the Bible for what they're trying to do in Computer Crime
What are you staring at?	It's Kevin, I don't want him to see me
We don't wash 'em, ya know.	How about chargin' the battery
Come one, what's wrong?	Behind you
I need you to get me Paula --	You want her right now
Good.  So shall we leave it at that then?	I've already left it, you pathetic rebound fuck!  Now get your patchouli stink out of my store
Some of the brown stuff is still there.	Then eat around it
Now go kiss your daddy, quick.	That's why they cheer, you know. The white man sending the black man into battle..
Huh-huh. I'm deeply smitten.	What's her name
Find out where they're registered and send them a gift.	Whatever
Yeah, I thought about that as I was driving... and... I haven't found somebody in my world.  You found anyone in yours?	No
What is her illness?	Nothing, really. She's been under a great strain -- the journey -- the battle -
He shot a hole in the damn ceiling. So what?  You lose your son, let's see how well you handle it.	Not very well, I'm sure.  I'd probably start doping myself.  Or maybe I'd..
Stop.	"Oh, what?  I offer you a job in implied exchange for physical favors and suddenly it's ""sexual harassment..."
You bring the best out in a man.	I try.  Please, if you promise to protect me, I'll testify against him. I'll give you an ironclad case
You do, huh? Stick around. Don't go on any long trips.	I don't know what you mean
Oh -- I was ambitious then -- ambition was in my blood -- no rest, no stopping. We were drilled like little soldiers -- We danced in the school of the Imperial Ballet, in St. Petersburg. I was little and slim but hard as diamond -- a duty machine -- No rest, no stopping. And then -- I became famous and whoever is famous is alone... But why should I be telling you this? Last night I did not know you at all -- who are you, really? -- I do not even know your name.	I am Felix Benvenuto von Gaigern. My mother called me Flix
Son ... are you awake?	Yes
But -- if you're a User -- then everything you've done has been part of a plan ...	You wish. Man, I haven't had a second to think since I got down here. I mean in here. Out here. Whatever
Well you loved him once, I assume. When you first knew him.	No
The one thing you don't want is to attract the police.	Granted, the cops are not an alternative.  Certainly not with one of their own still locked in my trunk
Let it go, Captain.	Goddamned small town bullshit
Bodega Bay. He goes up there every weekend.	Bodega Bay? Where's that
He's not coming.	Not coming? What happened
The job's real. -- But the Agency set it up.	Bullshit
I'm sorry, but I...	What?!  You're sorry?  I don't believe that for a minute
I'm going with you.	I can't close the store
Shhhh...!	I'm glad you're doing so well. If they haven't made you squad leader by now, I'm sure you will
We ain't got it. We ain't got no money.	You told them cowboys you had it
Excuse me, are there any more claims?	Only a few.  A few.  Do you like 'em
What an hallucination!  Oh, dear, dear, dear, dear.  Oh dearie me.	You haven't heard me yet
What if I don't have anything happy from childhood...Sorry, I can't relax going five hundred miles an hour, or four thousand, four hundred feet a minute...  Which is over seven hundred feet a second. Imagine hitting something at seven hundred feet a second.	Deep breaths -
Hey, look out, somebody's likely to see us!	Oh, is that so
Come now. Did you see the gun?	I can describe it
She's away to Windsor tomorrow.  Talk to her there.	Tell her the Prince of Wales wishes to speak with her urgently about matters concerning the press
It's really quite something to see you all grown up like this, Enid.  I'd love to hear about what you're doing. I can't help but feel that I had some small part in how you turned out...  What are you studying? You were always such a smart little girl.	I'm taking a remedial high school art class for fuck-ups and retards
Yes, Mr. Poe? So?	It was a war party. It means they're on the attack up and down the frontier
They never wrote you nothing?	No. They wasn't people to write
Yeah. My brother Art got his girlfriend one once.	It's already planned, Mike. It's going to cost $150 at the Free Clinic
Okay.	What is it
Yearse!	Oh
When I meet with Tattaglia's people; should I insist that all his drug middle-men be clean?	Mention it, don't insist.  Barzini is a man who will know that without being told
Guess you'd know about that.  You're an entomologist, right?  How's business?	Not bad.  I was traveling around studying the reproductive and migratory patterns of locusts when Maggie met me
It's mine all right. I've owned that little sucker for a long time.	I didn't know you took pictures
At least Jimmy and Mickey want to help. I talk to Mickey every day. That's more than I can say for the rest.	Paul will calm down. You'll see
Get down, boy.	Morgan, are you crazy?  They're Out gunning for us!  What the Hell're you doin'
It's going to take time, Walter.	Time
I played that game, Bert. In my head I played it a thousand times.	Play it again. Learn something.  Fats went in the john, see? Washed his face, cleaned his fingernails, made his mind a blank, combed his hair, came back all ready to go.  You were through. You saw him, you saw how he looked. Clean, all set to start all over again. Hold tight and push hard. You know what you were doing? You were waitin' to get beat. Flattened out on your butt, swimmin' around in glory. And whisky. Probably deciding how you could lose
No kidding. NO KIDDING!	And I still get my money. I need some cash right now. You can't just put me in the street
Juno was nice enough to bring this by for us.	I came over as soon as I got that cold ultrasound goo off my pelvis. My stepmom verbally abused the ultrasound tech so we were escorted off the premises
Oh, no.  No.  I'm just finishing up here, and I've got to get home.	Why don't you guys go sit down, okay? I'll catch up in a minute? I want to talk to Mr. M. about some important stuff
You're just like you mother! Always jealous!	That's why Mom ran away, because you had to control everything
Will somebody get the damn dog out-	Remember about the light you're Supposed to see when you're dyin'
This is fiction!  Don't you see that?  This is another reality.  And the people that come into the world to play this game -- nobody forces them!  They're here, they know the rules, the stakes, the risks!  Do you understand what I am saying?  No one is innocent -- including you!	Does that mean it didn't bother you
I'm just curious. I saw you shuffling your checks with your right hand. Can you do that with both hands?	No
I'm not sure.  We should split up. You take that hall and I'll take this one.	All right.  I'm as macho as you are. Perhaps
Sir, may I quote General Order 12: 'On the approach of any vessel, when communications have not been est --	Lieutenant, the Admiral is aware of the Regulations
I'm marking the 180 radial for five and ejecting.	Roger, Wolf One
What else did he tell you...	... you hate weddings, you never go
I always knew that you were special.	You did
She knew what was going to happen to me. That's why she hid me away.	How did she know that
Just like this.	What about sailing
It's just a..a party Janet.	Well I want to leave
You don't think he'd want *me* within fifty miles, do you?--after the exhibition he saw me give! Did you see his *face*--?	"All I know is--he said to me tonight-- ""What does your wife think?"" My wife. Thinks we're married-"
Good morning Madame.	Good morning Karl. Oh Karl, we've got rats in the attic you better get some traps
According to this we've completed our exploration of the entire sector.	Fifty-four planets - and their gaseous atmospheric anomalies. Our sensing and analytic equipment worked well
All right... Sorry... I feel indebted to him.	What does that mean
No, it's more like a leave of-  Ha, ha, ha. Yeah, they fired me.	You don't seem to upset
So what the fuck are we supposed to do?!	Make her come out.  And when she does, that's when we gotta be careful.  She can't get out of this house.  She can't even think she can get out of this house.  We just keep them here and keep them quiet for forty-five minutes.  And I don't want  Joe Pesci here standing over them with his fat sweaty finger on the trigger.  That's a sure way for us to end up with two dead bodies and little puffs of smoke burning out of our heads up in Greenhaven.  So we're gonna seal the place up.  They wanna hole up in here?  Fine, we'll help 'em.  Make it impossible for them to leave.  Once they come out of that room
...you filed a lawsuit against tobacco on behalf of the State of Mississippi, did you not?	That's right..
I guess so, sir.	You call me sir again and I'll make you listen to Beethoven
What's wrong, Carl, you hardly ate anything...	I took some aspirin and it really upset my stomach
Oh yeah no I don't want to do that.	Why
Four months?	I know, I know, Should'a called. I've been really busy. I joined the fire department
People get hurt.	But it was an accident. The house was under construction
I've been talking to this...guy...this cop...on the HAM...and, uh, he...	Honey, what is it?  Just tell me
An' she's got a beau! Kisses him, too!	That's enough...Go on inside and help Lucy set the table...You, too, Deborah
He's under a tract house in San Berdoo.  And he don't smell too good.  What happened to the heroin, Johnny?	I don't know.  I swear it
I see you got the telegram.	Pete, I'm so sorry about what they did to you.  I didn't think you'd come back, I thought you'd want to write again..
No motels registered any tan Ciera last night. But the night before, two men checked into the Blue Ox registering a Ciera and leavin' the tag space blank.	Geez, that's a good lead. The Blue Ox, that's that trucker's joint out there on I-35
Permission to come aboard, Captain?	Welcome aboard, Admiral. I believe you know my trainee crew. Certainly they have come to know you
...Long.	Doc Long.  Yeah, I know him.  Weirdo guy. He comes in from..
Go on.	I like your bar
Desperation has driven me past etiquette, all the way to frenzy.	My schedule is not subject to the whims of lunatics
Sometimes she gets me so crazy, I'd like to split her head with a razor.	Don't get mental, man
I have?	You re sort of... radiant.   your eyes are shining.  You're rea1ly different..
I can't get over how you guys are my friends.  Harold Ryan and Looseleaf Harper are my friends.	Our pleasure
But attractive--	<u>Now</u>, <u>let</u> <u>me</u> <u>tell</u> <u>you</u>-
...Remo and the guys used to hang out and count their millions.	Remo
So did you do it?	Did I kill him? Of course not
Easthampton Hospital for Women. Excuse me, what is that, a joke? Let me tell you something, Doctor, those men at Catherine Laboure. Men who are known not only in this city, but the world, were trying to save a woman's life.  They were there, and here you are, four years later, read some hospital report, and say...	...I made a detailed physical examination of the patient, Sir, yesterday evening, I..
Get in the basement.	What
God pardon sin, was thou with Rosaline!?	Rosaline? My ghostly father no; I have forgot that name, and that name's woe
You've got to show her respect, you've got to show her that you're not like Joe...	Wait a minute
He taught us good, though, didn't he, Sean?  We were lucky to grow up the way we did.	Who's grown up
Adlai can handle Zorin. He knows the inning and the score.	He better. Because nobody thinks he's up to this. Nobody
~e're alive!	We made it. Commander, we made it.
Don't call me that.	Sorry, darling
You spent it on drugs, didn't you?	Hi, Viv.  Carlos, you know my roommate, Viv
And you set me up.	Always wanted to rob that casino, Rudy. Way back when I worked there. What better way than to get some guys to rob it for me
Dylan, it's breakfast.  Not arts and crafts  What?	You get any sleep last night
Which is why we need to talk to you about the new jail--just so we're all on the same page.	We don't need a new jail
--Bernstein, are you sure on this story?	Absolutely-
I guess -- about my future.	What about it
Whoa...whoa...wait a second, Jack.  You’re not actually gonna cheat on Kate?	It wouldn’t really be cheating...  It’s complicated
I can see that it must be very important for you to stay informed of all the latest events.	Yes
Aye, sir. On course to Ceti Alpha. All is well.	Good, I believe you already know my, uh, son -
Well, don't you?	You're always teasing
What places?	Certain, clubs.  Like, Paradise. It's not bad
Yah, well, it's a chunk, but -	I thought you were gonna show it to Stan Grossman. He passes on this stuff before it gets kicked up to me
He says if he doesn't get it right away, he's going to blow us out of the water.  And he means it.  Ever since his wife died in the plane crash, he's been over the edge.	Pay him.  Pay him what he wants
She came a long way to visit me, didn't she?	I guess she did
That's a Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce Business Achiever award, which is given--not necessarily given every year!  Given only when there's a worthy, somebody especially--	Hey, is this him with Nancy
Yes.	Was he a relative? Or an intimate friend
But...	Two... THREE. GO
That's insane.	Perhaps.  There is something more. An inheritance
I don't know. You tell me?	An abandoned machine shop... nice place to build devices. Low rent, too. But, you and Rice ruined their perfect hideout
There's a lot I can't tell you, Tom. I know that's upset you in the past; and you've felt that it was because of some lack of trust or confidence.  But it is because I do trust you that I've kept so much secret from you.  It's precisely that at this moment, you are the only one that I can completely trust.  In time, you'll understand everything.	But your people... Neri... Rocco; you don't think..
...go on, go on...	That's everything Bachinski had, I think it's worth following up
Why not?	Bates
Leo Strauss...  I've got to go to Boston. I came to say goodbye.	What about Mrs. Moebius and...
Yeah, what for?	Keep her from gettin' in trouble, that's all
It's convenient to fake looking for something right now, isn't it?	I'm not faking anything. I'm looking for some bath oil..
What?	The Center for Disease Control.  If this thing is contagious -
No.	Weren't you a little worried about her...
Cool it.	First things first, we have to get you healthy. You need prenatal vitamins. Incidentally, they'll do incredible things for your nails, so that's a plus. Oh, and we need to schedule a doctor's appointment. Find out where you're going to deliver
I mean - barging in on your mother -- in the middle of the night?	Don't worry about the old lady. One squawk from her, and she's out of a job
And Cecelia, how is she? Where is she tonight?	Cecelia is, well...you kno
I'm Meredith, by the way. Meredith Randall.	Dickie, Dickie Greenleaf. Hello
Not Chip!  Please!  Penguin ... If you have one iota of human feeling, you'll take me instead.	I don't.  So, no
What does that mean?	Milo, geeks don't have two girlfriends. Most don't have one
No. I was assisting him. He asked me.	He's not going to work on this anymore. It is making him ill. Please
If my heart's dear love--	Do not swear: although I joy in thee, I have no joy of this contract to-night: It is too rash, too unadvised, too sudden; Too like the lightning, which doth cease to be Ere one can say 'It lightens.' Sweet, good night! This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath, May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet. Good night
Should I be expecting him anytime soon?	Not as long as the cigars and brandy hold out
Okay, because if I can't correlate this note with the specific vehicles, then I gotta call back that money -	Yah, how much money was that
In the press, perhaps.  But she's sold more copies of her Highland Journal in three months than Punch will ever sell in a year.  Time to wheel her out.	She's refusing to leave Balmoral
Not bad, not bad.	How about yourself
There, like that.  Kind of, uh, sexy.  You can support me anytime, John.	Gale..
I've got the boy on the phone.  He's using a cell phone.  What was that, son?  I didn't hear you.	If I try to climb out they'll see me on the security cameras.  They would see you outside, too -
You can't. So tell me what you do know -- say it!	I don't know shit, man! Goddammit -
That was my king!	Well...sorry..
Dr. Dreyfuss.	Dreyfuss
Answer the question, Father Paranoia.	Alright. You know who I think really did it
That is our job.	Well your people are getting in the way of my job
Will you relax?  I know it is a big deal day --	How did you know
What? It's a perfectly good word, ain't it. How much time I got?  Goddam sand thing drive you crazy. Kee-rist. Spelling never was a very strong point with me. Even in school.	If you didn't talk so much, maybe you could think more
Jerry.  Right.  I said Jerry, didn't I?	That's a hell of a mistake to make, Beth
What's an immigrant?	Someone not from Maine
"I was doing my job. At the risk of sounding egotistical, I didn't become the best reporter in the world sitting by the phone. I was chasing tail all night--I was not spying, intentionally, on your hot and heavy date with ""Brock Leviathan, architect.""  I can't believe he ordered white wine.  You do know white wine is not real wine..."	Hey, I thought..
"Quite sure. I find it just a bit too - too ""Seventeenish"" for me..."	Oh, come now, as though you were an old lady... I'm on my way. Is there anything more you've thought of-
Make sure they find that nest before it's too late.	I'll try
I saw him take the bracelet out of that shoe.	Yer crazy!--I ain't got no bracelet
Then what is he...?	A spacial entity.  An organized energy.  something that precedes our definition of existence
All right, Senator--let's get these bags and the livestock together--	Look! There it is
Is that you, Dean?	Sure is
Come on. Clean that counter off Brad. Let's go. Play ball.	Okay, Dennis
And is that what you're going to do?    Is that what you're going to do...?	That's what I'm going to try to do
And how was your Christmas?	Terrific.  Yours
Where's Matt?	Matt
My name is Sir Launcelot.	What is your quest
Wait a second, are you like the Steven King of France or something...	Andy
I'm sorry.	You're sorry? YOU'RE THE REASON WE'RE HERE
I will.	Waterford, Vermont.  Where is it?  <u>That's</u> where it is..
Try Joshua Strader, will ya, darlin'?	For you, anything
Now you get a grip, Louise!  Just drive us to Goddamn Mexico, will ya!	Okay.  Shit, Thelma!  What'd you do? I mean, what did you say
Everything okay?	Yeah, Dad. It's great
Orson, you wanna take five?	Five...? Yes. No. We're done toda
But you don't mind.	No, I don't mind
He's my favorite.	I know.  It's for the baby's crib
Oh. My. God. I can't believe you're here. Welcome. Can I just tell you, I am so excited right now.	So excited
Nobody said... Norman...  What?  Why are you looking at me like that?	Beth -
This brand.	We're gonna get along just fine
What's nice about her? ... a hard-boiled little gold digger.	I won't let you say that
We could use some fuel -- just a half drum -- just enough to get us out a here.	We need all our fuel
Why me?  Shaw probably has lotsa enemies to choose from.	I need somebody respectable...but not completely legit.  What I'm gonna do isn't very legal
Haiphong.	Haiphong? Shit, you jump in 
Like if I meet a handsome young man and I wanted to ask him to dance? I can do that?	Uh, if the guy wants to
Yes, of course, he had to have a beard! 'Birds of the world, unite!' he kept saying, over and over...	So they united
You may you find all the solitude you want.	Thanks, I appreciate that
Ah, your journal. This will be invaluable.	December 15th, 2004. I met someone tonight. Oh, Christ: I don't know what to do. Her name is Clementine and she's amazing. So alive and spontaneous and passionate and sensitive. Things with Naomi and I have been stagnant for so long
What?	I'm not the One, Trinity.  The Oracle hit me with that too
This isn't injustice, Mr. Geary. The army did something to us and we've got to find out what.	The army. The army. What is it with you guys? We're not talking about a trip to the library here. This is the United States Government for God's sake. This is red tape coming out of your ass. You know what I mean
What doctor?	Madame's doctor.  She has moments of melancholy.  There have been some suicide attempts
Hey -- you re supposed to be the cheerful one.  Why do I suddenly feel like Snow White?	You re okay -- for a civilian
How's it going.	Do you think that guy's cute
Yeah.	Well, she ain't talked to nobody and ain't nobody spoke to her that I could tell. What you make of that
Are you afraid?	Not when I'm with you, Ted
That who?	Dumper, the man Bree Daniel mentioned and Arlyn Page knew and Jane McKenna knew
Remember, he's the son of a Senator, so go easy. Kid gloves.	Got it
You're driving.	Those are Feds
Good evening...  Doug.  I'm Dr. Lull.	Nice to meet you
Like this?	Uh huh.  Okay, enough practice
Joe, that's coming a long way in twenty years since I met you practising law down there in Main Street.	Jim--if what you say about the future is remotely possible--why not do as I say--drop things like this dam
Upstairs. Why?	I want to see her
The Palace of the Legion of honor. The Art Gallery.	Oh, that's a lovely spot, isn't it? I've never been inside. But it looks so lovely, driving past
Mallory, what did you think of Mickey's plan? Did you think it would work?	It wasn't 'till we got on the ground floor that I totally realized they weren't gonna shoot unless we shot first. When we got out of the stairwell, I remember thinking, 'Oh my God. This might work.' But Mickey knew it would work all along. There wasn't any doubt in his mind. It's not like there was and he just didn't show it. He knew it would work
well, there was a public and a private library -- he said so in his will.  these books are all very general -- any doctor might have them in his study.	This is the only library I know of
It must be twelve-thirty.	Yes -- Just exactly
It looks like you. Thanks.	Harold, that picture is almost twenty-five years old
So now they're best friends? Edward, this girl appears out of nowhere and now I see her talking to a guy whose company we're trying to buy.  It's too convenient.	You're being ridiculous
The future of Freedonia rests upon you.  Promise me you will follow in my husband's footsteps.	I haven't been on the job five minutes and already she's making advances to me.  Not that I care -- but where is your husband
I see an old man, set in his ways, afraid to live without a uniform to prop him up and a Starfleet regulation to tell him what to do. I see the man I will never be.	I won't defend my life to you
They took a left at the next light!	You sure?
Enthusiastic?	Yes, very!  Naturally
Where are my supplies?	I'm sorry, General. The cellar is empty
Oh yeah? I mean I know.	So I'm going to want a little more of your thinking on the subject
But I want to help, I want to.	You're too well known, Wladek. And you know what? You musicians don't make good conspirators. You're too...too musical
What happened? The pressure got to you?	Pressure? I'm the one applied the pressure
Good! That helps. Not that she didn't do it, that she didn't confess. Of course, there's ways to deal with a confession, but that's good!--one less thing to think about. Now. Interview. I'm seeing her tomorrow. You should be there. Three o'clock. One more thing: you keep your mouth shut. I get the lay of the land, I tell *you* what to say. No talking out of school. What's out of school? Everything's out of school. I do the talking; you keep your trap shut. I'm an attorney, you're a barber; you don't know anything. Understood?	...OK
I want to buy you a drink.	Thanks, Franky
So you hid the truth.  Deliberately.	We were afraid.  Silence seemed better.  To come forward seemed like a mistake
You see where Tom Miller's playin' the Old Farmer?	He's been playin' Old Farmer nigh on sixty years
What should we do? What if he recognizes us?	Come on, it's too late now..
What about me, Reverend Mother?  I think you were right.  I'm just a bad influence.  Sister show biz.	Perhaps not.  Perhaps we can all use... a little Spandex
What do you think you're doing?	Why, I'm assisting you, sir
He needs our help!	He's beyond our help. You saw him get bit. I saw him get bit. We all saw it. You can't help him. I've got no one left to lose but you. I can't be alone again. We're sticking together
God damn you!!	Yes
"Try ""old"" on for size."	Yessir. It may be that. In a nutshell
You know, it's such a fucking waste.  You can do shit most of us can only dream about, and you go around pretending it's some trick.	Illusionists get. Las Vegas contracts, D'Amour.  Magicians get burned
Well, I'm not going to stop it.  I'm going to say exactly what I think.  You've never given me anything.  You've tried to buy me into giving you something.  You're -  - it's like you were bribing me!  That's what it's been from the first moment I met you.  No matter how much it cost you - your time, your money - that's what you've done with everybody you've ever known.  Tried to bribe them!	Susan
My client is prepared to entertain an amicable dissolution of the marriage without prejudice.	That's delusional
Sally, I have never considered you for this part because you are too old to play it.  And you are out of touch with reality if you think differently.	It's a shit novel anyway
Yeeees?	And they asked me if we'd like to ... you know... put him up for a while
I didn't like Preysing right off.	Then why did you have anything to do with him
Before they were married?	"I don't think so. Just period, I think. She told him... God gave them the ugliest creation he could think of. Karl has an entire book -- a notebook. On every page it says ""Franklin Chapter 1 Verse number 1."" He wrote that a few years ago after he'd learned to write. His father's name was Franklin"
He's still got a good grip.  We need to dig more.	At school, she kept mostly to the Japanese kids, and sort of ignored me.  As if all of our times alone together...in the hollow cedar, everywhere...were a secret
I'm drinking.	Slowly or quickly
Goddamn it. Why do you say that?	Look at yourself. You look like you've seen a ghost
Yes, I will.	...But an intellectual relationship, like this -- we could have as often as we wanted.  Three times a day -- anything
What belongs to the people?	All this. All of it
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Tenth and Pennsylvania, Washington, D.C.	Now I'll bet it has his home address there, to
There, see?  Now the emblem is right in the middle of the knot.	Where'd you learn to do this
You cannot stop time. Go now, before it runs out.	You will come with me
I've waited for you - the one whose science could match her powers...  Do you know what it's like - to sense the majesty of something so sublime just beyond your reach...?  to float in a dream that keeps a .promise half-hidden in its shadows.-.?  I did not choose to be such as this!  Suzanne brought me here.  She called to me!	But have I...?  Ever...?
Where's Leo Devoe? Where's Chili Palmer? Where's my fuckin' money?	Ray. Look at me
You might be more of a team player and a little less of a hot dog on this one, Jack.	Being a hot dog's worked pretty well for me so far... Besides, I got a lead..
Jeffrey told her last night.	Last night
You tell me.	Thou shall not kill... You've killed, right
I'm going to throw out these old videos.	No.  You can't bin these.  They're classics.  I'm not allowing this
Edie!	I— I brought this for you, Terry. It was Joey's.  Yours is coming out at the elbows
) The track? Did you run into Lilly?	I saw her
Can you trust them?	No. They put out two or three for every one I needed. When you get to the one you'll use, you just stake it out. If something feels wrong, you just pass it up. On one mission, I had to pass up three and ended up living on rats and chocolate bars
Then you didn't give him any passwords of any kind ?	NO ! I wouldn't do that
I'm not worried, I'm not going to eat it.	This is a tough place to keep Kosher
What happened?	It started with the information you gave me on DePinto. After we talked, he agreed to resign. Next, a phony detective asked me about Daniel Zavitz. Then an investigator questioned me about an extortion scheme they claimed Zavitz was behind. The FBI started looking into mob connections. A doctored picture in the paper. Overnight, I'm ruined. Wife. job, bank accounts, everything gone
You'll make lieutenant inside a year.  Patrol division?	I was thinking Detective Bureau
Well, what happened?	The old fella wanted these pictures and Norm said he couldn't have 'em, all I said was 'aw go on, be big about it.
Well, you tried.  You failed miserably, but you tried.	Everything I say is wrong. I can't talk to her anymore
You want me to come with?	I should do this myself
It's nothing of the kind! Lloyd loves me, I love him!	I know nothing about Lloyd and his loves - I leave those to Louisa May Alcott. But I do know you
She's in L.A., he's in the Bay area --	A five hundred foot thick steel wall.  But the connection between these two electrons is so -
Yeah.	Well, if you're still thinking about booking it, I want in. I think we can make it
I told you...	Judy, that's stupid
No. I'm not.	How
Priscilla says they think any woman over 30 who isn't married must be a lesbian. She figures they'll be so relieved I'm a man--	Always heartwarming to see a prejudice defeated by a deeper prejudice.  But marriage, man--I did two tours in Southeast Asia and I was married for five years--I couldn't tell you which experience was worse
Mrs. Lampert, any morning now you could wake up dead.	Leave me alone -- 
He's not going to leave us.	What's to stop him if he wanted to?  All he has to do is cut the line..
Away from your crazy Mom.	The Ottos always waited for the bus with Bear.  They were the only parents who did that, together like that.  I guess they're what you might call hippies
Says he wanted food.  Liar.  He wanted the gold.	How's he going to want the gold?  He couldn't even know we had it
How'd you know I wouldn't?	'Cos I know you wear purple underwear
So when you jumped, you wanted to kill yourself?	No...
I know it, I know it.	I can't take this no more. Back and forth, back and forth
It's my day off.	But what in the world can you do with a day off in St. Sebastian
Better view, more spacious, new carpet. It's a no-brainer.	It's not up to me
I think you better tell us.	We don't even know you
Hi, Peter.	Hi
You're out of your mind.	Just do what I say, alright
I'd like you to meet Somerset.	Hello
I'm gonna leave you two creative geniuses alone.	Dunwitty, don't leave
He took it like a man.  Toss him in that drainage ditch.	There's a taxi stand here.  I can meet you
What about cable?	We'll get cable when the cable company is good and ready -- you think you can survive till then
This is Doyle's house.	This is L. B. Jefferies, a friend of Tom's. Who am I talking with
In money.	Forty-five thousand
I'll have to know a little more than that.	I'm sorry, that's all there is
Stretch it out.	Don't move me
Excuse me, gotta go to bathroom.	Now I have a plan about Rose, an educational plan. She's getting better and we don't want any more trouble --  Brother, you ought to hear this
OK, OK! Excuse me! How old were you when you had your first contract?	...17
You don't wanna put beer over mai-tai.	If you can't keep up, don't drink yours
It's not even yours.	I like it
Hmm?	What was the mistake? Do you think it's been rigged, all along the way, leading us on so they could slip it to us when it mattered? They couldn't have set us up better; after all these months our credibility's gone, you know what that means
Perhaps it did.	Human beings can die
How recently?	Uh, his birthday, uh, May.  I think
Why would you let her to do that?	It's not human, Kelvin.  Whatever it is, it's not human, and I am threatened by that.  Evolution-of- the-species-at-stake threatened. And I want to win.  I want humans to win.  So I am killing it before it kills me
Or anywhere where people might see us.	Belinda's a very jealous person
Okay.	Drink tea -- there's lots of tea
You were right, Wyatt.  They got Me good.  Don't let 'em get you Too.	Will somebody get the damn dog out
I know that, Mr. Gardiner.	Yes
Hello?	Mr. Harris, we have fax for you
Plain soda?	Please
What's wrong with the water next to your bed?	It tastes old
Uh... Bob. Like to speak to you. Take a minute.	Yeah, what is it
I'll meet you down there in a few weeks.	See you soon. Oh, and I appreciate the distraction back there
He works at a bank.	"My Dad plays for the ""Clippers.""  He says I'ma be a doctor or a lawyer, but I'ma play for them, too.  Same number and everything"
Remember me? I'm the fellow you slept on last night.	Seems to me I've already thanked you for that.  What time is the next bus to New York
Then I saw this bakery store that was still open, so I bought a birthday cake.	A what
Right, which is probably why Lil was wearing a red wig meaning we are headed into a dangerous situation. Let me ask you something, Stanley, did you notice anything about the dress?	The dress she was wearing had been altered to fit her. I noticed a different colored thread where the dress had been taken in. It wasn't her dress or she must have lost some weight
It's my own way. It works for me. I don't care about the rest of that stuff.	Then why are you here
That's right.  I'm the owner, the Captain -- you can call me El Capitan.	El Capitan
I used to be head of neurosurgery. Big hospital in USSR. This hospital, I'm not kidding.	Very big
What the hell's going on here?	This is Ho-Jon, my houseboy. Our houseboy. I'm teaching him English
Peter Redmond. They found out why he can't remember his lines. There's something living in his brain. A parasite he picked up in Borneo, doing the movie.	Can he get through it
What, working security?	No, I'm through with that shit. Ashley's right. Gotta start doing something I got a stake in. Get a business going
I'll kill you now.	He can't hold you Jesse.  He's losing his grip - you can get out
She's in Philadelphia seeing Linda Aahby. The neurologist.	Neurologist? Why? What's wrong
You do not want to be here.  Go home to your father.	She did not do it... please listen..
No, he was wrong, David, I didn't find out.	But I saw you -- you looked in there, and you found out, Miss Boatwright
Mom, there's an amusement park right on the beach!	That's the boardwalk, Sam
These are good.	Mm-hmm
The D.A. gave me immunity.	NOT FROM ME, YOU PIECE OF SHIT. THERE IS NO IMMUNITY FROM ME. You atone with me or the world you live in becomes the hell you fear in the back of your tiny mind. Every criminal I have put in prison
I envy your 'undercover' assignments.	We work in the dark. We do what we can
Sorry man.	Yeah. You probably coulda hit that tonight if you didn't have to drive us home
...yeah....well you have me now.	You sound very cute, very nice
What about the company?	Simpson
Come on, Jake. That didn't hurt.	How do you know
Do you smell shit?	Yeah
I have to go, Sam.	I can come down next week
Yeah, it'll satisfy me.	Very well. What is it you're proposing, Mister McMurphy
Anna?  With this real-estate valuing stuff - - could you remind me, cause I'm a little confused about how exactly we do that.	Erin, you've been here three weeks.  If you don't know how to do your job by now, I am not about to do it for you
Well, don't say it like that. It's not so...ya know, crazy an idea. You are a healthy woman... You hold a steady job. Ya not crossed eyed or anything...	Well, there's nobody special
You see anything in the crowd?  Anybody suspicious?	Naw - I'm sure the suspect's not here
Thank God you were here.	Oh, yeah
That is horrible. Apes are dirty. No?	You better believe they're dirty! And smelly! And messy! And they don't know their forks from their assholes
Back to your bed!  At once!	I'm sorry, I must go
So what do you think?	Sign me up
Well done.  Brave girl.  You've probably never shaken hands with a ghost before, am I right?	Captain Spenser.  Elliott.  I ... What the Hell is going on
Any ghosts in here?	C'mon, cut it out
...then...	...I only..
I asked what <u>you</u> thought.	You scare me, Riddick. That's what you wanna hear, isn't it? There, I admit it, Can I get back to work now
They can't pull this on me. It isn't fair--I don't believe this--	"He paid the hospital bill when you were born. Your mom always calls you ""our beautiful daughter"" in the letters she wrote to him"
I'm not going to faint, but if I want to faint, I'll faint, okay?	Okay, but if you do I'll have to perform resuscitation-
Naw. They got some blue dye, though. You think them boots you got on come from a black cow?	Wanna get on somebody 'bout live music, get on ol' Laz, there. He the one got this place shakin' back in the day
What? You are crazy!	Look, just hear me out, okay
Me?  He can't.  I'm already disturbed.	He won't disturb us then.  I think he's after morphine.  There's a war.  Where you come from becomes important.  And besides - we're vulnerable here. I keep hearing noises in the night. Voices
D'Agosta?  Ippolito.  Come in.	Where the hell are you
Adrian, I'm asking you nicely, in the name of all that is good: release my friends and get in the flask.	Is this a joke
What does he do? Is he an actor?	-- no
How much is about six and a half million divided by three?	Jesus.  Two million one hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred thirty-three and change
This looks ancient.	Can't tell -- these weather conditions could erode anything, fast
No better?	Uh? Uh
Did you like it that much?	It was better than this... Look, you, I'm very intelligent. If you're going to give me advice or conversation or consolation or hope, you got to be better than you're doing. If you can't be at least momentarily interesting than shut the hell up. I'm drowning and you're describing water
It's a hotel.	I don't understand
Maybe.	"It's funny, I've heard of giving up finding a man and raising a family to pursue a career. And I've heard of foregoing a career to start a family-- but I think you're onto something new, Selina. ""Absolutely nothing""-- Has a ring to it. I think it could catch on...How's that for sarcasm"
Would you like some coffee?	No! No, thank you
Tell her, Harold...  It's just that... It's nothing. It's just that the outside fork is the salad fork. One goes from the outside in as the dinner progresses.	Oh, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry, Nathan. I never really learned those things
"Yeah. Nice touch. It's the logo from ""You Bet Your Life"", right?"	Good eye. Not one club owner got it. They all ask me why I got Donald Duck on my card
Here's what they want you to do:  we want the rest of the stuff you stole from his cell.	...why
I'm a little tired and it's just a pick-me-up.	But you only wore mascara when you and Daddy went on romantic dates..
I hope this is part of the unfreezing process.	Listen, Vanessa, I'm a swinger... That's what I do, I swing
Then good night.	So I'll get a fair shot
Oh, George, George!	You have no idea what's happened to me
What? You mean you've got ...	Well not exactly. But, if you help us we'll help you. The Forces Of Darkness have won the day ... but, tomorrow is another on
They dig for the gems to support our cause. They also search for the last two stones. Soon we will have all five Sankara Stones and the Thuggees will be all powerful!	Nobody can say you don't have a vivid imagination
Well, remember when Frysal's men paid off the Deejay in Cairo to announce a bogus press conference in the --	--Nooo-
How would you describe your sex life with Miss Lawson?	Intense
"Or--since one is a well-known and respected guest--one could go to the desk in the lobby and say ""Miss Mayfield seems to have lost her room key--have you another""?  They always have another."	Don't be a fool. I loved him. He wasn't worth it, but I loved him
I'll need to know more about this thing.	Only a handful of people are aware of its existence. Let's just say it's the ultimate defensive weapon
They missed the boat.	Thanks
How old is your boy?	Four
Right, well, thanks for the drinks and stuff, Amanda, but there's no reason for me to stick around these parts anymore.	Don't be so glum, Hawk. The night's still young and filled with plenty of compensatory possibilities
Let me speak to Mr. Smith.  I want to hear it from him.	Fuck you.  I'm running this shit.  You talk to me
"...But the word ""yet..."" Yeah, you know what, I'd get the impression that you wanted to see it.  Otherwise you'd say you didn't really want to."	But in your opinion, would I definitely go
Of course.	Then let's begin
Caught him off Cape Hatteras.	What is it
Landon!	Later
What makes you so sure?	Just my feminine intuition
What are you driving at, boss?	We're going back into the case, Lou - the murder of the President.  I want you to take some money from the Fees and Fines Account and go to Dallas - talk to some people.  Bill, I want you to get Oser on the medical, the autopsy, Susan on Oswald and Ruby histories, tax records..
She tells me you haven't been sleeping well.	It's the ridiculous pills they prescribe.  If I take them, I spend the next day stupid as a stone. If I don't, my mind seems to go off in a hundred directions at once -
Why?	Because she'll scare them away
My God, my God!  He talked to the New York Times?	We ought to fire his whining ass. Right now when he's on top.  You know what -- it'll set the right example for the rest of this administration
See, now why would you do that to a man in my posi-...	...-tion
Can you understand how meaningless everything is?  Everything!  I'm talking about nnnn--our lives, the show...the whole world, it's meaningless.	Yeah...but you're not dying
As which point she drops to her knees in pain...	Explaining the low height of the blood splatter on the curtains..
Oh yes... very.	And your mother -- everything's fine with her
Want me to start right now? Maybe there's some paper around.	I'm serious.  I've got a few ideas
Say my name.	Gabrielle
Thank you.	Now. You say the driveway's on your side of the house. So I guess you don't sleep in the same room
She's dying.	She died
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.	THE KIND OF MAN THAT COULD HAVE KILLED EDIE FINNERAN
I know what you told me, Brad. But this Dr Everett Scott.  His name is not unknown to me.	He was a Science Teacher at Denton High
Didn't seem worried about them.	Was this girl from Starliner Towers
What is it, Grady?	I'm in love with your wife
Nah. I've tried. My writing's too technical, I think. Problem of being a journalist too long is you stop giving yourself permission to invent. I better just stick to making pictures.	"""Making pictures."" I like that. You really love what you do, don't you"
This is so good of you.	Don't say it again. Now you're a Double Agent and we're going to string my Dad along, I was thinking we might buy a little car with the expense money he's sending you. What do you think, Marge... a little Cinquecento with my Dad's money
Peter said you came to kill us. Is that true?	No. I only needed the code from you
Are you alright?	Fuck.  I think I'm gonna throw up, I think.  I haven't thrown up since I was twenty years old
Now I feel like Clarence Thomas.	No.  No don't feel like Clarence Thomas
It'll never be over, will it? Look at me, I'm shaking. Some legend, huh?  You must be pretty disappointed.	No.  I'm not
My daughter lives across the street from you people and she tells me that you keep this area safe.  Is that true?	We like to think so, yeah
I understand the <i>business</i> reasons.	Well, when you're looking at your future, it never hurts to find closure about the past
I insist you get rid of that bomb.	Afraid I can't do that
Arlyn, he just wanted to ask some questions -- something you could help us about.	Can't you see I'm strung out?  Please, we're waiting for it -- he's got to have it
How much farther?	Just a little ways.  Up to those trees
Who... are they?	This is the staff of the Bijou
I assume you want that to go.	Assumptions are always..
Yes.	Okay.  Good night
Mr. Mintz?  I don’t think so...building’s closed pal.  You’ll have to come back tomorrow.	Look, I don’t know what’s going on here but I am Senior Vice President of this company
Dr. St. Luc? Detective-Sergeant Heller. I'd like to ask you a few questions.	Sure
All right, join the party. Mr. Spock, the ship is yours.	Aye sir -
Thank you.	Who are you
Yeah.	You know Libbets, I really feel, you know, like a real connection to you -
The Italian, I presume?	No.  He's French, he was just in Italy for the competition
.....Me neither.	<u>No</u>...<u>No</u> <u>please</u>...
Yeah.	Are you mad at me
It wasn't what I wanted.	So what did you want? I think we understand each other, no
You tryin' to fuck me?	No, I'm not tryin' to fuck you
What do you want, Vic?	To help you. I've run every test known to man. And they all yield the same result: the machine is ready
Oh Christ! I should of been there and I wasn't there, I should've been there.	There was nothing you could do. Lye down. C'mon
Nyah!	Billy, make sure Nyah's not followed
In other words, you're not interested in him but you'd be interested in somebody else, right?	Jake, c'mon now. Don't start
Why?	I think it could be fun
Who is it?	It's me
Lost. it feels lost. This was hers?	Yeah ... well, yours. You still don't believe that you're the Princess, do you
Some Hollywood movie star, her plane got in late.	Discouraging, isn't it? Women with furs like that where it never gets cold..
What did you do at night?	What's it like where you come from
Go ahead.	Have you ever retired a human by mistake
"Free to come and go as you please. There's some ""mad money"" in the night table drawer."	It's wonderful! Do you think I'm ready? Do you really
Well, you just turn around and walk the other way.	You mean I can't even get outa here
They call me Green Jack, ma'am.	Come closer then, Jack, that I might give you proper thanks
Oh, was that me you put to bed? Thanks. I've been looking all over for you.	Well, did you find me
Honey, we went over this in therapy.	Mother, you've just murdered me.  Take that to your goddamn therapy..
You sure got the hard part.	What do you say, Mr. Nugent? You'll be doing me and my family a great service
Thank you.	I waited to get your autograph, but you never came outside
And that's the way the game is played.	Some game.  Screwin' some poor slob out of his retirement
Sharp bank, Chewie.  Let's turn this bucket around.  You heard me, turn around!  Full power on the front shield.	You're going to attack them?!!
But it was when you tried to persuade me the Captain was guilty that I should have understood.	You can't prove any of this..
So...	It's wrong. Guy with a rental car and hundred dollar sneakers sleeps in a tent
Why did you betray me?  Paris was ours for the taking!  All I needed was another few hundred men... Why did you take back the army you gave me?	Gave you?  Well now, I wouldn't quite put it like that..
Arctic Warrior, Arctic Warrior, Arctic Warrior. This is United States Coastguard Station North Island. Your radio check is affirmative. Over.	Roger that, North Island. Arctic Warrior whiskey alpha sierra bravo four zero niner two. Over and out
"On that flight recorder, they called the black hole an ""Unknown Entry Event."" They didn't know what a black hole was.  Fifty years from now, men are going to build that ship in a very tentative, experimental way, with no knowledge that time travel through a black hole is possible."	So what
So I'm saying it...	It's too late..
"You better heat up that miracle				* you were talking about.  We broke through on Number Six, and the Electromagentic came down like a sledgehammer..."	* Well have a look at what our friends outside are doing and I'll be right up
I am going back very shortly after we finish this hearing - I am going to have some lunch.	Can I make a statement?  If you request me to go back to Washington with you right now, that is if you want to hear further testimony from me, can you do that?  Can you take me with you
"His blind friend got ""attacked."" Angelo went up there, and some- how, it got itself in the paper."	<u>You</u> put it in there
You must do me this honor... promise me you will survive... that you will never give up... no matter what happens... no matter how hopeless... promise me now, and never let go of that promise.	I promise
This is not an appropriate time for a conversation.	Why
Adult males will charge hatchlings. If there's one out there...	If one could be out there... why does Fish And Game tell me it's impossible
But an Oracle can.	That's different
I'd like to see his house but...I don't know if I'd have the nerve to just go up and knock on his door. I don't think I can go through with it.	Then we'll keep driving...you'll decide
IT'S NOT YOUR PROVINCE TO ASK.	You're no stranger to rape, Marquis; and yet with her, you cooed. You courted. You begged
Our computer went on the fritz again. David came up to fix it.	Is it serious
I said -- uh -- I said even ten minutes -- is a long time -- to be away from you.	Don't be embarrassed, Bruce. I heard it, but I just wanted to hear it again. I can stand being spoiled a little. The gentleman I'm going to have a chat with did very little spoiling
...You can sleep, hon. It's early yet.	Gotta go
Yes.	How do you do
But I thought vampires didn't like the light.	We love it. I only wanted to prepare you
"Do you know what ""normal"" is?"	I suppose it's however society defines it
To organize things. Meetings and travel...Whenever they come here, I handle details.	How often they come here
I'm familiar with how a formal negotiation is handled.	Oh
Putting all that poison in your hair.	Man, you been locked up too long, everybody conks. All the cats
Did you know he was going to be there last night?	If I had I wouldn't have gone in
Goes on like that quite awhile.  What do you gentlemen make of it?	Could be anything... Men in isolation... some beef that snowballed... got out of hand..
All over.  Turkish Army up there. It's against the law. They shoot us.  You sure you looking for your friends, man?	Okay!  Ley me out right here.  I'm getting tired of all this bullshit from you.  I'll walk it
Let's stay here, Will.	What's the matter?! It's a celebration
There was this one fella.  Asked a lot of questions.  I was out of town but I heard he spent near a full day in the records office.	Would you remember his name
Man or woman?	All I saw was their lantern
Look, I swear to fucking god, she came out with that bag and I took it from her.	Then what
They're weird names.	They're Biblical. They were prophets
Ah, c'mere. I want to show you something.	What
That could be.	Because that's understandable, because. She blew the raid
You'll get used to it.  I'm more worried about your tactical mistakes.	You are such a wet
How's yours?	I can handle it
Well, everybody naturally wants to make a place for himself, accumulate a nest egg, and so on.	Why
Take a letter.	Who to
There's no smoking in this building.	What are you gonna do -- charge me with smoking
No, he wouldn't. I would have.  And he'd've been right, too. I mean, seriously.  Well, there's one thing you don't do. You don't take a guy's kid and then take off.	I didn't.  I didn't. I mean, I did, but then I did exactly what you told me to do, and I came right back
Here.	You Biederman
Aaach...Jane...  Let's take the part that has nothing to do with me.  Let's let me be your most trusted friend, the one that gets to say awful things to you.  You know?	Yes, I guess.  Yes
He's right you know. Waiting for the pusher, she'd tell you anything.	I believed her: the Dumper was not Tom Grunemann
So where's the money?	I guess still in the locker
What choice did I have -- ?!	You hunt us like animals -- do you know how many you have slaughtered?
Ninotchka, do you like me just a little bit?	Your general appearance is not distasteful
[You only give information so you can fuck me.]	[A beautiful circle.
I could.	Yeah
Did you sleep alright?	Yes
Good afternoon.  I'm glad to see you up and around.	Thank you... Have you any news
Maybe the plane gave it indigestion....	They spend half their lives looking for food and the other half eating it   They don't care what it is...
Well, uh, based on our history...you can handle the biogenetics, and I'll focus on the molecular physics.  Or, uhm, maybe I should take the biotech, you work the microscopes, since you have some background in electropho--	Right.  That's exactly what I meant
Mr. San Pedro Sula's authorized to carry a .45.	United States Marine issue, before they made the unfortunate switch to the less dependable nine millimeters. I have it here, in my briefcase
Are you shy, Mr. Booker?	Just polite. Well, maybe you'd like to try riding again, some time before you go home
He's in the fluoroscope now.  Listen to his heart.  Impressive, huh? The flow of blood is concentrated in the brain and doesn't even feed the limbs anymore.  It's a phenomena that has only been observed with dolphins... until now.	How long can he stay down?  Without breathing
It's not your government I'm thinking about. It's your world.	Now that you understand the situation more clearly, perhaps you'd like to discuss the matter with the Presiden
I've been waiting a long time to hear you say that.	Yeah, bein' a hard-ass all the time is a real drag, but it works
Yo, your gettin' me all upset here.	"You should get upset. Everyone should get upset. When, when Hitler was greasing the Jews, people were saying, ""Don't get me upset. Your bumming me out."" My duty as a human being is to be pissed off. Jesus Christ, not that it makes a difference on the first fucking place. Nothing ever changes, man. Fifty years from now we're all gonna be dead and there'll be new people standing here drinking beer, eating pizza, bitching and moaning about the price of Oreos, and they won't even know we were ever here. And then fifty years after that those suckers will be dust and bones and there'll be all these generations of suckers trying to figure out what they're doing on this fucking planet and they'll all be full of shit. It's all so fucking futile"
What the hell are you doing?!?	He's after us again
When does my daughter leave with her bridegroom?	They'll cut the cake in a few minutes...leave right after that. Your new son-in-law, do we give him something important
Right.  That explains it.	Are you going to make me beg
"You the only cat don't come on with that ""Whatcha know, daddy"" jive; and you don't cuss none."	I respect myself. A man cuss because he hasn't got the words to say what's on his mind
One consolation; you can never be lonesome.	It has its moments. It got to be a sort of game to try to outwit father's detectives. I—I did it once; actually went shopping without a body-guard. It was swell. I felt absolutely immoral. But it didn't last long. They caught up with me in a department store. I was so mad I ran out the back way and jumped into the first car I saw. Guess who was in it
I'm just getting started....	I don't want you in the water anymore...
Faith, this is my mother.	Oh, hello
...hands!	Pappas!  Move the car
He's giving them up?	All of 'em. His entire entourage. I think we should move
"""A History of the United States, Volume I."" If you want to read a real history book, read Howard Zinn's ""A People's History of the United States."" That book will knock you on your ass."	"How about Noam Chomsky's ""Manufacturing Consent?"
Are you disrespecting this court, Mr. White?	No, sir. I was empathizing. Sorry
Who did they get for that?	You are angry, aren't you, Mrs. Otto?  That's why I'm here.  To give your anger a voice.  To be you
He was the last Pharaoh of the Old Kingdom, said to be the wealthiest Pharaoh of them all.	Alright, good, that's good. I like this fellow, like him very much
What do you want?	The girl hostages
Little village down seven.  Supposed to be charming.	Huh
Sounds like singin'.	Oh, no..
Am I out of here?	That depends on you.  Christ, look at you.  I give you this easy duty until I can get you an assignment... all you have to do is eat ice cream and watch soap operas... and you have to make it Rambo's last stand
Butler, what'd I ever do to you?	You came back, Tod.  You came back
You could double the size of your hardware store!  You'll be rich.	And live in what, our station wagon
I ain't gonna run.	He seen you, Tom! You wanta be fingerprinted? You wanta get sent back for breakin' parole
+ The nose is sharper. Smaller too.                          +  &lt;&lt;And what about the hair? You said something earlier about it.&gt;&gt;	&lt;&lt;It is longer than that. And not so dark. &gt;&gt
How's that?	Not bad - not good - but not bad. You ought to be able to fool about almost anybody
That's five clicks, Jackson.	Fucking-a it's five clicks! At one point I had to cut through an ostrich farm. Fuckers are mean
Okay?	Yeah
She hasn't actually done anything...	Just a moment, dear.  We can't have it, Rose. Can you behave yourself -- or not? That is the question, to behave or not to behave, to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous chastity and keep your skirt down or to hoist it in the light of the moon and make whoopee -- that is the coil shuffling question.  If you can't behave I am going to fire you and I say it in front of you and Mrs. Hillyer and I mean it. I point my rigid finger right at your nose, Rose, and I stare unwaveringly into your big blue eyes and I tell you... this is a final warning. Do you hear me
What's all this for?	We have a new directive. I'm taking over
Judy, I want to tell you: these few days have been the first happy days I've had in a year.	I know. Because I remind you of her. The one that's dead. And not even that, very much
'Yes' is the answer to your ques- tion.	What question
Stop! Stop!	Let her carry this shit inside
Well, it ain't just the bed I'm gonna miss. I'm...  Hell, Billy, I'm sorry. I didn't mean...	It ain't nothin', don't fret it.  She don't like it much, you goin' off with me
See what's happening to them - the stars.	They're so untidy.  I'm just trying to rearrange them
I don't imagine there's much I could teach you.	I doubt that
We just gotta catch the bastard, right?	That's why I'm here.  I need to know exactly what you saw yesterday, Farrell
They never caught on.	They may. That's why I would keep my mouth shut
Why you looking around so much?	I don't know. I got a feeling
One chance to tell the truth, Tommy. Who is the man with the scar? He planted this in my car.	There's no scar. Corvis made it up
My mind fills with so many images.	Control, control you must learn of what you see.  Not easy, not fast
It' s fantastic! ----- This place is genius.	Genius!  --  Lex
How... how ya doin', Farmer?	Fine, thank you. Did you watch the show
It's sand.	For chrissakes, it's only sand. You should see some of the stuff that's floating around in here. That sand's the cleanest thing in you, including me. Now EAT it
When you get home, I'm asleep. When I leave home, you're asleep.	I'll see you in my dreams
She lived alone.	She must have known someone
No.	Wait'll you see
The boy worries me. It's silly, but it's like there was something still between him and his Dad.	What he needs is a dose o' salts
No.  Jacques is a creature of the sea.  He isn't meant to live on earth, among us... You should know this, Johana.	He can learn.  He is learning
Okay.  Yeah.  We know	All right.  I'll be bac
It's all here...	Yes
He is lifting Stanwyk's two attaché cases.	Pretty hefty. Keep reading
What?	The money, Icey
You're saying you willed these events to happen?	I don't know, I'm very confused right now
Especially, the one of the young nobleman, you remember?	Oh, yes. Yes, of course Dr. Von Holler. Very interesting
It would be the same as shooting a gun at him.	Thank you, Doctor McCurdy.  Your witness
Two hundred dollars. It was my last two hundred.	How much did you figure to make
Trace memories in the brain, perhaps.	Stolen memories. Stolen and hazy. They taunt me in my dreams. I've seen a beautiful woman lying back and beckoning for me to love her. Whose woman was this? I've seen boys playing, splashing about in a stream. Whose childhood friends were these?  Who am I
...Mason.  I can barely hear you.	We've got it..
You seem to be a bit nervous, sir.	I am, Gaston
They have...	When they..
Don't tell me what to do.	Leave
This isn't like playin' winos on the street.  You gotta do more than outrun the guy.	I never played for winos
I wouldn't do that, son.	They're probably on to the next buffet by now. There's a retirement home up the road. They'd be easy
*Henry Hill?* That crackpot? That long-haired--! Why, you should have killed that so fast--!	I--I couldn't, Jim. Those men were-
What era was that -- ?	The era when crime didn't pay -
Don't talk to her. Let her know. Use your face. Use your body. Use everything. This is what I do. I just sent out the vibe and I have personally found that... girls do respond. Something happens.	Of course something happens. You put the vibe out to thirty million chicks, you know something's gonna happen
Fuck you bitch.	C'mon man, didn't I do you right that time I give you the turkey loaf for the ham and lima beans shit
Late for what?	Don't be dense. The party
Can I have my supper please?	Naturally
Thanks.	How do you want to pay
I never said I didn't.	Chris -
No!	I'll destroy you.  I've destroyed everything I've ever touched!  Oh God..
Hello, is Dick Ritchie here?	Naw, he ain't home right now
All right. A small house... with small rooms.	I smelled her hair. That's it. I just liked smelling her hair
So why go to college?	I've got nothing else to do on Tuesdays and Thursdays
You do?	"""Straw God"" changed my life"
No. No! Calvin, this is different! Believe me!	Would you like a tranquilizer
Do you remember her?	No. Grammoo said she's in heaven
Is that who you're waiting for?	No..
You directed me to report to you the moment the king's conference was ended.	So I did! And what was so important about it
I'm on the phone.	It's important
But they're somebody's children.	Are you running a business or a charity ward
Sensors show five life signs aboard the station, Captain.	The station complement was nineteen
Uh-huh.	Cold lamb sandwiches -- not as chewy as roast beef, not as boring as chicken.  She knew stuff like that
Why not?	You're my friend, Gus
Are you serious.	Have you ever known me not to be
GUARD!!!	Ash... Ashley..
"Any untoward ""revelation"" regarding, uh..."	And I think that the Security of the Country would be best-served by its citizens obeying its laws.  Gemme a Federal Judge, gemme search-warrants, all premises controlled by our friends, and bench-warrants for the two of..
So now I'm s'posed to roll over like an ol' bitch dog gettin' ger belly scratched.	Bill 
Don't you realize that everybody here is going to know about this? That you've packed your bags and ordered the car and -	- And left?  Of course they'll hear.  I'm not saying goodbye - except to you - but I never imagined that people wouldn't know
It dawned on me one day that we were supposed to be a nation founded on the principle of questioning authority... and all I did here was follow orders. It didn't add up. Plus, I got kicked out.	For what
... Why?	I think ... I might be ill ..
Not since you broke into society.	Remember the time we had a spaghetti party, and while I was serving the spaghetti I dropped it on the floor, and while those mugs weren't looking, I picked it up and served it to them anyway! Remember that? Yes, Anne would love that
Exactly. And I bet she's ugly. Real ugly. Otherwise, why wouldn't they print her picture next to her byline?	Maybe she puts her work ahead of her personal appearance
Doc...	...Long
It's only a physical problem. He has trouble with certain sounds because of the constrictive deformity of the mouth. But he can talk, and has a great eagerness to make contact with people who will let him. So if you have any difficulty understanding what he is saying, just tell me and I'll make it clear.	Speaking is one thing, Treves, but can the man comprehend
I'm crazy about the kid and I got him into it.  What do you want me to do?	Just smile again and be reasonable.  I'll order dinner here--just the two of us--like old times
They don't hand those medals out for hidin'in your foxhole. Would you buy this?	No-
Hello.  You're back again, huh?	yeah, yes, hi, hello
Okay, I will.	You will
"Alternate LZ Zulu Sierra at 0500. It says ""May have heat.  Don't be late.  All our love."""	Let's get that tent down
Excuse me?	I heard you strain when you put the milk in the bag. That milk only weighs about seven pounds
Good night.	Sleep tight
You wanna bet he's with a girl?	No, he's not with a girl
So there's an urban myth, well more of a rural myth, going around here at the moment. It's about a beach.	Uh-huh
Yeah.  You said... I thought you were never getting out?	I never thought I'd get out this way.  I'll tell you
Yes.	I am Inspector Edouard Grandpierre of the Police Judiciaire. Would you be so kind as to come with me, please
Ma didn't want it around.  After.	Oh
Meaning what?	A bereavement. A death in the family
Well, it is a little tight. But it isn't as bad as all that. No one will notice unless they have such thoughts in the first place.	Who doesn't have such thoughts?  We'd better get going
You guys are not under oath, here. I am assuming you knew these two guys from before, huh?	We... met them last night
What did he say?	The one-legged jockey said - 'Don't worry about me, baby.  I ride side-saddle.
It's rough.  I'm sorry, did she make it?	Oh, she's fine
We’re both thinking the same thing, right?	Do you know a friendly cop
"That's all the gusta you can musta? I said, ""Good morning!"""	Good MORNING
A lot to ask, dragging him away from such a good-looking girl --	-- To take you to jail?  It'll be my pleasure
In about fifteen minutes.	Thank you
Listen, you're very nice... b...	So are you, but I think maybe you should shut up now...  ... I'm not coming up to your apartment.  That was never my idea
Sorry.	It's okay
-- I find it degrading. Maximum gynecology and minimum turn-on --	-- and you told me that. Still, there's some kind of imagery that's haunting you and, I think, getting in your way -
We better get back to the sub. Every second counts now.	Look! They follow the direction of her glance, are startled to see
Oh, sure. Great.	I'll pick you up
And, if you hear about anybody else fucking around with that shit, you tell me.	Nods again
I've never seen a dead body before.	Alex, I think it's time for you to stop
Yes!	You'll have to get right on it, Andy, we're up against the statute of limitations
Why? He's right in the groove.	He's so ugly. Guys with beards and beer guts ain't quite my type
Well, I... I hadn't thought about it that much. I was thinking... well, it's an idea, the girl is oversexed, and...	Rose isn't oversexed, that's ridiculous. If you're going to talk nonsense, I don't want to talk to you at all. Rose is exactly the same as the rest of us, except more so
I don't know. It hurts, Harry. Some things, no matter what you do with them, they just hurt.	So you drink, and you fight with a cop...
Just missed Deleon.  Hayes is up in the squad.	Where's the collar, in the cells
"Dickless.  If they took care of				* business, I'd be out of business, know what I mean?"	Those idiots
Are you going to let Erik wake the Gods?	How can we stops him now
The Queen has commanded, she loves a comedy and the Master of the Revels favours us.	And what favour does Mr. Tilney receive from you
You know, I was thinking... All that stuff father Seamus said...about discord, distrust... we're doing all right, aren't we?  You don't have any doubts about me, do you?	Should I..
Go back to your room. Quickly.	What? What've I done
Martin Van Buren Aldrich and my Pa's the only Democrat in Cross Corners. He said you had horns and a tall, Mr. Webster, but I ain't seen 'em yet.	Well, Martin, I only wear them in Washington -- that's the trouble. But if you ever come down there, I'll show them to you
Or you didn't know what to do with it.	Maybe so.  Maybe so.  But that ain't why I came to see you.  You sold the building
An angel?	Unh-huh. Which would make you half angel
Said he'd be home later.	Later when
"Who's the ""we""?  There's you and there's us.  And all we got from you was bad intel.  ""Low-level producer.""  Yeah, right..."	What are you talking about
Come on.	Oh, shit.  Come on, old..
This is humiliating. We're being ejected from a prom!	Hang in there, I'll think of something
Zaltar. Use the wand!	Too late. Too late. Save yourself
You've been off in daisyland, honey. Everybody's got a racket.	But a priest...
No, yes, it does...	Yeah? But look at you
No, this is my first trip, Doc.	Well, you're here for a ninety-day observation period, Mister McMurphy. I'd like you to understand you are here on a court order and we are responsible to the state. So, I'd like your cooperation
Why?!	I don't want to be alone
Well...haven't seen a sign for hours.  Maybe it's long gone.	Maybe it is.  Why don't you take a little stroll and see
Kettleman, Barnes and McGrath. I'm a legal secretary.	Of course.  Mrs. Tasker.  And what were you going with the international terrorist, Carlos the Jackal?  Taking dictation
Lombard, this is not a Jewish name, is it?	I hope it’s not too significant
Dr. Arroway, you are entitled to your opinion.  But we feel quite strongly that it would by both irresponsible and naive to send a human being into a completely unknown, completely uncontrollable situation absolutely defenseless.	Y'know what?  Fine.  I guess if we want them to know the truth about who we are there's no quicker way to show them
No...	Please..
That boy you brought in, he was shot, wasn't he?	Yes
All we do is pick up the pieces.  We take all the evidence, and all the pictures and samples.  We write everything down and note what time things happened...	Oh, that's all
I know...I know.	Glad you could put in an appearance
I want you to say kaddish for her. It's the only thing she asked from us....	I don't do that
Oh, for her show?	No, for a candlelight dinner, yes, for her show
I am the Walrus.	That fucking bitch
He's wearing a suit again, I don't know why he's wearing a suit, he doesn't usually dress like that --	It's fine
I used to be smart but now I'm just stupid.	Shall we drink to that
Michael, take deep breaths.	I have to get out of here
Sit down, Frank.	No.  Miss Lawson came in here voluntarily to answer your questions. She doesn't have to sit here and be insulted.  So, either you charge her now or we're leaving
You could buy a car for twenty grand.  You could buy this car.	I don't want to go alone.  I want you to drive me to Paris.  Like we're a couple.  Like we're a couple and we're travelling together.  That's all we're doing
Whatever you say.	I didn't say anything
Pouring myself into my work.	I, ah ... didn't catch your last name
Thank you.  Where is Mr. Smith?	Mr. Smith? Oh, you mean Ann Schuyler's husband
I didn't do anything, mommy.	Well then who did?
listen...listen to me now, Phil: I'm sorry, sorry I slapped your face. ...because I don't know what I'm doing... ...I don't know how to do this, y'know? You understand?  y'know?  I...I'm...I do things and I fuck up and I fucked up....forgive me, ok? Can you just...	....it's alright...
What about the report from an eyewitness at the liquor store who said one of the brothers was shot?	This can't be confirmed at this time, but we do believe it to be true. We have reason to believe it was the youngest brother Richard, and he was shot in the vicinity of his neck and shoulders by the store's clerk
I don't wear that stuff to <u>bed</u>. Besides, there's <u>nothing</u> wrong with it.  I'm getting out of here.	Wait... I don't think it would be a very good idea if you told your parents that we're up here
So how come you could play basketball?	I just can
How soon --	We encoded four minutes -
A tooth they say couldn't have come from any bear.  They say it looks prehistoric.  Like maybe a dinosaur.	Oh, well then I'm sure that's it, he got killed by a dinosaur, anything else
Have the purser give you twenty-five hundred dollars for this check--and bring the cash here.	Yes, Mr. Brett--right away
That called ... commanded ...	What did it say
Yes.	Were you recently promoted
Everyone okay?	I think I broke my arm
You're not an unmysterious thang yourself.	I don't steal stuffed elephants from little girls.  And I buy my own clothes.  My life's a little boring..
I'm going into town... run a few errands before dark.  Need anything?	A box of fortune cookies... I'm running out of advice
What d'you think?	Then do like I said.  Men - this boy here's got something to tell you-all.  Well, how about it
GET OFF!	DON'T TOUCH ME
Don't you know this is exactly the kind of bullshit that makes people hate you guys?	Fuck you! You want to kick my ass? You want to try?  Asshole
Could be.  Beard looks phony.  It's when I'm unpredictable.  They can't stand that.  That's why we've got to get out of here.  Can you come with me?	I told you I can't
Whatever. We'll see. Daddy's gonna get her to bring a friend. We'll both get one. I don't care if I'm with her or one of her beautiful baby friends.	I don't know..
I want children, I want a family. But I don't know when.	Accept what's happened, Michael
Well -- you see -- the doctor is at his son's wedding, but I'm sure it's over by now. He should be checking in any moment --	Listen to me. I am Dr. Smith's brother -- Reverend Smith -- and I am supposed to perform the ceremony. I just got in -- from -- Portland -- and I've forgotten what church -- you see
I couldn't have... much longer.	Yeah... I know
"""Dad?""  Dad.  The boy wants tales of derring-do. Name a country."	England
But what about lunch?	I'll have it for supper.  So long
It's unusually quiet tonight, isn't it?	Mm hmm
This is Romeo Tango Zulu changing call signs.  Tower, alert air traffic, Romeo Tango Zulu is now Air Force One.  This is Air Force One... The President is safe onboard.	Copy, Air Force One
Tuna, this is crap.	I know it's not the greatest.  It's commercial
All right boy: where's the money?	In the cellar. Buried under a stone in the floor
You've always loved the animals.	I'm giving them up. I've changed. I've found a new focus
And you, you-you're going?	Well, I-I-I didn't know what to say. First I said no, but then, he pressed it.  He said, uh, he'd taken you once and he really wanted to invite me
What about him -- did he suffer any or was it quick? I'd hate to think he...	Very quick. Between you and me, it's not a bad way to go. Making love to your wife... it's very sweet
Just the act.	What act
The Widow of the Web?	Yes
Go home!	You ever own a motorcycle
It's not going to happen.	The tighter you squeeze, the harder he'll try to break free
That's fine. Now you can tell people all about the house, but don't mention Webster.	You are not so sure that he'll come
It affords him other interesting opportunities.	-- Like splicing single frames from adult movies into family films
Yes, Mr. Hillyer, I am.	All right, tell us, Rose, what makes you think you're pregnant
I... accept your proposal!	I'm not just saying it
It's time for me to leave it behind.	So what will you do now
Genetic ditto on evidence found at the site with evidence you found in his belongings. An incontrovertible motive. And definite footprints on Jimmy Looks Twice at Maisy Blue Legs house.	When did we get that
I think so. I tried to get into your cab one night, and now you want to come and take me away.	Don't you want to go
Hejira.	And so now you're off to Glades
I can't believe we did this.  Do I have to remind you that your wedding is in six days?	Look, I know you think this is irresponsible of me, but think how much more irresponsible it would be to marry the wrong person
No. He did not.	Then why does he stay? My scouts say he has not advanced
Oh for Christsake Boyd. Somebody must know she's here.	Nobody knows
There were at least three, maybe four. But a name that keeps coming up is this woman who lives in an apartment building very close to your house and also close to the field where you found the ear. There's also a business man over by the Franklin factory district that was questioned. and a musician. and some others.	Were all these people questioned this afternoon
More than prince of cats. He is the courageous captain of compliments. He fights as you sing prick- song, keeps time, distance, and proportion; he rests his minim rest, one, two, and the third in your bosom: the very butcher of a silk button, a duellist, a duellist; a gentleman of the very first house, of the first and second cause: the immortal passado! punto reverso! the hai!	The what
Sorry.	Has Mr. Kessler said anything regarding the attack on the moors
It is customary to make a little speech on the first day. It does no harm and authors like it.	You want to know what parts you are to receive. All will be settled as we g
Daniels.	Okay
Stop waving that thing around.	You sure we're clear
I'm not. But I'm -- I'm not very proud of what I do. I usually get kind of drunk. I usually drive over to Los Angeles and go to some bars and get kind of drunk. Then I take a hotel room. So I won't have to drive home on the freeway. I mean it kind of scares me to drive home after --	Goodnight, Benjamin
You knew! You are a rude bumpkin!	That I am, my lady
It is time for the performance.	The performance -- the performance -- the performance
A lot of years have gone by.	What?  What are you talking about
And steal Darryl's fishin' stuff.	I don't know how to fish, Louise
I need an extension for my case.	You should have taken their offer. Especially if you were unprepared
Dave.	Yes
Who you are --	Just a girl, I work at Magnin's -
It's a matter of life and death.	This really isn't a good time
No, General.  I'm dancing with the war hero.	Uh, sorry, General, I...I've always had this animal magnetism, it -
If he had known about KANE before you made it, you'd be dead already.	It's too late. The movie's mad
Easy night. Bachelor party. Can we give Wendy a ride?	No. What kind of bachelor party
Like the guys that attacked us.	What do you mean
<u>Whatever</u> you need.  The City Council, of course, has to pass on your...	...the city council..
She said the ship was evil. That we had to leave right away. That if we didn't, we might never leave.	What's that supposed to mean
What do you mean, she was a hot number.	If you had an American Express card she'd give you a blowjob.  Listen, this girl worked in a tanning salon, need I say more?...What do you do
Isn't this 4215 Pussy Way?	You bitch
Ben, can I say something to you?	What
Wait a minute. After we were together you went and snuck into a guy's house?	Uh-huh
...I understand...	My doctor told me that I got to move out West... that's when we filed in court. We didn't want to sue..
What's it about?	About doing things. You light candles, say prayers, keep the Sabbath, visit the sick...
We made it, man.	No problem
Yes.	What an odd pairing
It's high time you realized, honey babe, that a woman doesn't have to give the best years of her life to Radcliffe or Smith in order to speak the English language.	Countess. I'm really in a dither. She's turned my head
-- Leo was an apple, that's right. Red on the outside, white on the inside. And Jimmy hated him. Kicked his ass a coupla times. But he didn't kill him.	Who did
Wai', wait.  What happens if it works?  Four months of training, three years of operational duty. What then?	I don't feel like doing an option paper on the rest of my life, Jordan.  Maybe we should just let it happen
What?	You heard me. This ship, it's crazy: trying to go faster'n light, that's like the Tower of Babel
Oh -- I'll take the same, I guess. And coffee.	Little rum in yours, too
Why didn't you bury those people?	Anyone lookin' to pick up our trail, would see it as a sign of our passing..
Hi.  Hello, darling-	"Hi.  ""Well, now Mis' Channin', ah don't think you can rightly say we lost the wah, we was mo' stahved out, you might say - an' that's what ah don' unnerstand about all these plays about love-stahved Suth'n women - love is one thing we was nevah stahved for the South!"
I remember.	Do you remember what you said
He said he thought we'd make a pretty good team.	Oh no. He said that
Good afternoon, Officer. Bit of trouble here?	Yes, ma'am. Somebody had some trouble parking
No. Nothing is nothing. I want Wally to come home. I'm afraid to see him, too.	I know.  Is *that* nothing
I don't think so.	You don't.  <u>Think</u> so
After the accident at the park, a hurricane wiped out our facility on Site B.  We had to evacuate and leave the animals to fend for themselves. And they did.  For four years I've fought to keep them safe from human meddling, now I want you to go there and document them.	Are you out of your mind?  I still have nightmares, my reputation's a joke, my leg is shot -- you think I need more of that
How are you gonna get the money for this old house if you're not working?	Well I'm gonna teach creative writing this summer, so, I'm doing some work
He used that?	Sir Shiv-a-lot. He likes to cut
Hello, Mama  ... brought you something.	Shut up, I'm trying to watch this
Jack Vincennes.  He's the technical advisor on 'Badge of Honor,' sir.  He lives for it. That's the way to get him.	All right, Ed.  Call Sergeant Vincennes
She's quite a girl, that what's-her name...	Eve. I'd forgotten they grew that way..
Just for fun?	I guess so
I've got to talk to you.	Sorry, I'm way behind
How come you're not peeing on them yourself?	I don't like beer
Get me on the AM shows, Larry King, cover of the Journal...  I've got to do something about this scar. Make sure they only shoot my right side.	"Actually, uh, people seem to think the scar ""humanizes"" you"
Who?	From the Korean War
All right, we'll call it a draw.	Come, Patsy
Huh?	Fuck off, frat boy
Hell, they even kicked me outa vo- tech 'cause I couldn't read a slide rule.	I can show you how to use a slide rule
No, the boy's right. I really am evil.	Don't be so hard on yourself. You're here, that's what's important. A journey of a thousand miles begins with one step
Righty, right. The doctor reads aloud the dialogue printed in the cartoon balloon - a peacock.	Isn't the plumage beautiful
Well, you certainly don't look like yourself in that get-up!  But I am happy to meet you anyway. I'm Sylvia Van Buren.  I teach Library Science over at USC.	I didn't know how to stop you...
Well, I gotta know what kind of fellas I'm ridin' with, don't I? In case of a scrape.	How many you killed, Kid
Let me come with you, Doctor, please!  I don't want to stay up here alone.	All right then, quietly!  Close your robe and stay right behind me. Don't make a sound
Is it the machines? The noise? The people?	No. It's the junk. I like to look at junk
Would you settle for a boar?	A <u>boar</u>? Those incompetent louts couldn't catch a piglet, much less a boar
I might be able to find something on the ship. But it's gonna take time.	Do what you need to do. Just do it fast
I propose you accept an appointment to the bench in Federal District Court and move into a job worthy of your talent.  Do you have any idea, do you have any conception of how easily such an appointment can be arranged?	And what would I have to do
I didn't have no wedding cake, no reception or nothing. Johnny got down on his knees and proposed to me at The Grand Ticino.	He did
This is a daily paper, we'll explain it tomorrow.  You're certain on Mitchell?	He approved the payments to Liddy while he was still Attorney General-
Too bad for Meng, but it's not your fault, or Li Mu Bai's.	I am not an aristocrat, as you are... but I must still respect a woman's duties
Where are you going?	I don't know.  Maybe California
Dating anyone?	No, I'm working too much, I don't have time
Yes.	It's much better than your shoes
Hey, Rico, wanna dance ?	Actually, Diz, I promised Carmen..
I do construction, which pays real good. And I make it last by living cheap.	I hope that's not supposed to impress me
So HELP ME!  All I wanna do is MEDITATE!!	Andy, don't raise your voice.  We don't wish your presence here
Look, we can do other things.	I lived with you.  You were my partner just a few weeks ago and now you're worried I might kill you, and you're entitled to worry.  Isn't that a terrible thing?  Isn't that sad
Madame Vice president. We have an options paper.  chandler takes the options paper, waves off Lee, and reads it as she talks.	Yes. You've made yourself quite clear
I didn't know you taught.	English.  Way before your time.  It was hard giving it up, I'll tell you.  I'm hearing rumors, John, of some unusual teaching methods in your classroom.  I'm not saying they have anything to do with the Dalton boy's outburst, but I don't think I have to warn you that boys his age are very impressionable
Right.	They're mutated sea bass
No long-distance phone calls, Federal Express packages--anything at all out of the ordinary?	I don't think Mr. Sheldon likes for things to be out of the ordinary. Considering who he is and all, famous and all, he doesn't have airs. Drives the same car out from New York each time--'65 Mustang--said it helps him think. He was always a good guest, never made a noise, never bothered a soul. Sure hope nothing happened to him
He's my father.	Haven Hamilton is your father? Can you arrange an interview
Go away.	What kind of a silly thing was that to do
Curtis is a politician -- and a bit of a hustler. He's not a thinker.	I agree
Yeah...	...the minute you start your engines ...it's goint to kill us, isn't it
You don't understand.  You don't know what's going to happen.	I only know I want to marry you... right now, and -
You should get the order you want.	And you should keep your nose out of another man's omelette...  It's no big deal, Betty
I don't know, Nathan. What are you supposed to do?	You don't abandon somebody because they have a physical problem
I don't know what you've been saying.	I've been talking about your mother... about your motel. How are you going to do it
No, not sound.	There must have been someone else down here then
You okay?	Yeah, of course
To look...look for a place...a place to live in...an empty place...a... new...place...	How did you know we were on this island? Do others know? Will others come
Borrowed.	Yeah, borrowed
You're only home early because we got you a job, right? And I don't need any heat. You understand?	Nods
So not only am I a troublesome bitch, but I'm fat too?	Come on. They make you feel nice and peppy
So Kenton connected the... lesion, <u>and</u> whatever suspicions he had about your personal life... to this woman, Maria... and blew the whistle on you. Suddenly you're losing files, and it's time to let you go. But, up to this point, you've been their Golden Boy, their rising star... Their behavior is... inconsistent.	Thank you
Sources have told this reporter that the real reason your Park's opening has been delayed was a near-fatal accident on one of the rides here. Comment?	I wouldn't be opening this place tomorrow if every single thing down to the beheaded Beanie Babies hadn't tested 100% safe
Nothing would please me more.	Thank God
Go!	And don't ever try to see me again
Yeah.	I used to think about it.  I had Margaret.  She wanted kids.  I thought about moving somewhere far away like, Europe.  I could see all of that, the first part, the getting away but I couldn't see that next part.  'Then what?' So I'd stop thinking about it and go back to work.  You understand
Besides. You think there's like a chance I'm gonna get into college back there?	Honestly ... no
Thank-you ...	De nada ..
I came up here to sneak a smoke.	You were smoking
All right -- what are you?	Your turn
We'll kill you, man -- We gotta gun.	Pull heat on me? -- I'll dent ya face
Put something on. You're not supposed to be naked in front of it.	Why not
No.	Mr. Marsh's Cardiologist and his nurse have told us that you accompanied Mr. Marsh to their office on at least two occasions
CAN I PULL MY FUCKING DICK OUT?!	Yeah
You just don't fucking get it, do you?	You know he fucks all his girls, don't you
I told you it wasn't no jive.	"Gus, it seems we are talking state-of-the-art technology here. We are talking unlimited power. We are talking ""get-down hot-cha daddy-o"" whatever you called it"
You don't think so? I do.	You were great
Pay attention...	SING AND THE DEVIL WILL FLEE
Where you gonna be?	It's personal.  We'll hook up at Billy-Boy's pad in an hour.  See ya then
I mean my father.	A father is nothing but sperm, Ted. It takes a real man to be a dad
You're going to use Walter?	He's our guy
And he's a patient of yours?	No. But he needs treatment
Eric, that is not appropriate.	What? Fuck French people. Fuck 'em in the ear
And Paul D...you don't have to stay 'way, but be careful how you talk to my mama, hear?	I will
Nothing, I'm dressing.	Oh, you're dressing, uh huh, Harry Harry Harry Harry, don't you know it's not nice to lie to your big brother
But I think it's time we stopped talking about me. A woman like you -- why haven't you ever married?	Well, I'm afraid that's a question that's all too easy to answer
Cab One, do you see it yet?	The magnetometer is pegged.  Side-scan is showing a big return, but I don't see anything yet.  Are you sure you got the depth right on this
Hey-Ho... !  Maybe we're not alone in this thing after all.	Who is that... 
...you teach chemistry? That's funny. Where? What school?	Benjamin Franklin High School
Yes, isn't he.	It's great when people who work together can become real friends
Yeah, I heard rumors.	It's not a rumor. It's a sale.  If Tisch can unload CBS for $81 a share to Westinghouse and then is suddenly threatened with a multibillion-dollar lawsuit from Brown & Williamson, that could screw up the sale, could it not
What about her?	Nothing... Tell me, what do you Want out of life
Then - would you talk to Mr. Fabian about it?	Of course
Dead or alive, they'll stick me in there with Oswald.  Another lunatic acting alone,	Oswald was an assassin.  You're not an assassin, are you, Jerry
'82.	Wait a minute! That was thirty years after daddy. Do you think...
It won't.	But if it does
David Lee...	Yes, sir..
Leave me alone.	No
And you grew up in Manhattan?	Kinda. Yeah
Do I make you nervous?	Yeah
What?	Music. I think it helps if you play something he liked
Wandering about.	You like it, too
He's knocked out!  He's knocked out!  Dr. Grant!  Dr. Grant!  Daddy, daddy!	Let's get you out
Always?	What?  Oh, damn near yes. Unless the animal's sick or something.  And the steam rising off it like that in the morning. That's life, Mr. Gittes. Life
Yes, for I wish to entertain splendidly.	All the same, you must name an amount
I never fucked Rod.	Exactly. Then he must be a virgin
Congratulations, Gina.	Life is so goddamn wonderful, you almost won't believe it
You!	Yeah
It's too big.	Yeah... I'm just good for left-overs
You're supposed to film it, not turn it to hash!	Look, Doctor, this isn't one of your pet porpoises we're after. It's a torpedo of muscle. Murderous expertise!  I've seen bleeding sharks try to eat themselves!  Don't be so concerned about them.  Worry about yourself
I took a cab.	You took a cab to see three kung fu movies
If they ask you questions, and they probably will ask you questions, would you please say something nice about him mum? Help him?	Alright
Listen, man, we really gotta...	I be off in a minute.  Say again...
Release the power WITH the power.	What does that mean?
The fresh tuna?..	Yessir...very good sir
Yeah... Yeah, I'm fine.	You scared the shit out of me, man. You were dead for fifteen seconds. Totally flatlined
And your heart beats faster just thinking about him.	Right . . . you want to tell him how you feel . . 
What is your husband's profession?	He manufactures staples and industrial brad-tacks. He's very successful
I asked if you felt like a drink--	No.  No, I-- my aunt and uncle. Something's wrong  --  I need to make a phone call
And those were the guys who went on the exercise with you?	Yeah. And that's all I'm saying
This is before the accident, Nicole. Do you understand what I'm asking?	Yes, I understand
Fantastic ! A little faster sweetheart.	Sir ? We're moving them right along as fast as we can
Is someone else here?	No. No one to speak of
I don't want to jeopardize anyone close to me.	If you don't mind my asking... Who's close to you
At least!	I'd really feel stupid if we didn't bring anything back home
Oh -- Well, they're different.	That's not an answer
Central Pumping.  All the waste gets  treated, broken-down, and flushed out into the swamp.  If it wanted a quick exit then it really lucked- out.	You've checked that end
"I guess I kind of lost sight of things. ""May the wind always be at your back and the sun always upon your face, and the winds of destiny carry you aloft to dance with the stars.""  Love, George."	That was a beautiful message
My Dad always drives my Mom.	So
When will I see you again?	I want you to go back to New Hampshire...think things over
Why not?	I'm about to die unless I do something to stop it
And that's all the gratitude I get for saving your hide.	The truth, now -- was it my hide -- or the stamps
I'm still better than you. Nothing changed except the decimal point in your savings account.	That's not ENTIRELY true
Stay away from me! Stay away!	Erin. It wasn't supposed to happen
Go ahead, driver! Ball park!	John, please let me go with you! Please, John
Ugh.  Muchos moscos, man.  This is too much.	Just some flies
You're doing this to liberate the Remans?	No race should be a slave to another
Saddam, would you let me do my job please!	Hey relax, guy. Let's see what the kid wants
It's a bloody funny thing. You know a bloke for six bloody years and all the time he's as calm as gentle Jesus...  ...then he goes and does a thing like that.  It's a bloody funny thing.	Yeah. A bloody funny thing
Come here, give me a hug!	Gee, you're home early
Anyone who turns himself in makes a good case for bail.	Even Joey Venza?
You're fast.	That is our job
Yes, there was.	Can you tell me what happened
City-dwellers never do that--for fear of what might drop *in* 'em.	Have you always had to--work
I'm sitting here, I'm looking at you and I'm having these flashes. You know, flashbacks, of memories.  Of us.	Really
No. No chains either.	You ain't man enough to wear them
How'd you get her out of town?	Convinced her she needed to visit her mom in San Mateo
You're the Sultan of Semen. The Monarch of Masturbation. The Merchant Prince of Lust. You. Ted. Are the King of Coitus.	Me? The King of Coitus
I go running down there.	In the middle of the night
I see.  How much?	Padrino will pay ten-thousand per kilo. For everyone.  For you, and you, and you
No. It's all right.	Thanks for coming
Tell Doucet that.  What was his rehabilitation training?	Telephone repairman
I thought you stopped going.	Yeah, he had one too many of thise urges. You of all people should know that
I know! Don't you want to talk to him?	I don't want to look pushy
You didn't know she had a boyfriend?	No -- did you
You figger Scar means to kill us?	He's got to...All these years, run- nin', dodgin', knowin' we were after him...Now we caught up...It's him or us
You haven't slept with her, have you?	That is a cheap question and the answer is, of course, no comment
I think it is an interesting notion to keep Mozart in Vienna, Majesty. It should really infuriate the Archbishop beyond measure - if that is your Majesty's intention.	You are cattivo, Court Composer.  I want to meet this young man. Chamberlain, arrange a pleasant welcome for him
How comes it your are not afraid?	Would'st you harm one who comes to aid you
Maybe, later we could take a look.	Sure, but let's finish up with this first
Yes, Eve. That would be good.	We must speak again, Mr. Gardiner, many times
Does she love the cat?	Yes, but-
Too far off. Very near us. Perhaps... underneath us...	If another ship had been beneath us the Klingons would've seen her
Um........Stuff.	What kind of stuff
Is there anything else you wanted to ask me while I'm up?... When was the last time you wore pink? When was the last time you drank soup standing up? Final call for strange questions at two in the morning.	No that's it
Maybe the shrimp you bad last night.	Mm-hmm..
Not mine, stupid. Yours.	What are you doing here
What I do every day, but I want to do it earlier.	You're happy, aren't you
I sympathize with your position, Mr. President, I know how difficult it is to be straightforward, the reaction to such a speech could be chaos.	That's too big a risk, I can't take the chance
Yeah. What about the second act?	That's taking place outside now
Checking up on my friend, Harry.	Oh Harry's doing just fine, he's just about to open up
You held back Stern.  You held back the one man most important to my business.	He's important to my business
You'd risk worldwide nuclear war for your own personal financial gains.	Nobody wants war. I'd just like to keep the threat alive
No, Louis!  No!	Wear it until you love it.  And die in it!
You...um...you never got married?	Oh...I came close once
An elevator ?	Yeah, we're about a hundred an fifty feet below the subway stations. We're heading a little higher up now
Oh cards, maybe. Poker... It's getting cold, Sal. I'm going to take you in.  We'll call Angela. The guys can help her bring you home... Did I tell you I was going on a trip?	Trip? What do you mean, Nick? You said you'd be -
"Take it easy, Ruby...	it's all right.  Now, try to think clearly... don't you mean _Jason's_ hand... don't you mean he grabbed a scalpel and slashed Doctor Layton's throat?"	Did you find a scalpel? Did you find a murder weapon
No.	Because since I'm just starting out, I've got a fresh point of view, and that's good for, you know, marketing, demographics..
Well, that is a very interesting idea, General Kutusov, but I can assure you that Napoleon is no beginner at this.  Whatever analysis you have done on this situation, I am sure that he has gone over the same ground.	I have no doubt that he has, Your Majesty, but does he have any strong moves from which to choose
One question.	What
Pro boner?  Pro bono, huh? For whose good, supposedly?	It's my bit for the community
Y'know, Brody -- for the first time in years it's worth putting money into this town.	All of us thank you, okay
You're very smart, Joey, very smart. Nobody gives me a straight answer around here. You're givin' me these answers, but you still didn't answer my question. Did you fuck Vickie?	I gotta go. I gotta get outta here. I can't take this shit. Lenore is waitin' for me. I gotta go. You're a definite wacko. You're fuckin' crazy, you know that, crazy
-- well, when does it get good?	Keep your shirt on. Let me read.  Westley had no money for marriage. So he packed his few belongings and left the farm to seek his fortune across the sea
No.	General Jim Beam, then
-- Listen, I'm supposed to take Jill to El Cholo tonight. She's really going to be pissed if I don't.	-- Maybe she'll come with us. If I tell her how important it is to me, I don't think she'll mind. Do you
No, I do not think so.  I don't think that killing each other will ever bring peace.	I agree..
Oh, indeed?  You know very well people are frightened of arming the Negroes!  They beg you to consider the future.  What good is a revolution if it overturns those things we cherish!?	What's the point of a revolution if it doesn't
Musclehead?	He's missing
Easy, easy. Whatever happened, whatever you saw, it's not here now.	I saw it... him. But I got away. And I took the box. And I solved it. And they came
What?	The Boxes. In the House. I told you
We'll get something as soon as we get to the hotel, okay?	Okay, Mom
Kurtz.  I know you've heard of him.	Yes
Do what you do to Simone.	What I do to Simone
Yeah right.	What?  We both have cars
Yes.	He has come for Lyssa
On earth.	On earth
Pop Leibel? Sure.	All right, come on. Introduce me. Where is your hat
I guess you don't get bothered by neighbors much.	Don't worry about that. You'll have total solitude so you can concentrate on your work
Only if it's a nice Meg Ryan movie.	You got it
But she's dead!	Amy, listen to me. Death isn't such a terrible thing
I'11 have this thing in front of a grand jury by Monday.	Edie, please. I don't want to hear this right now. What did Renault and Fortier say
There's nothing on the walls. No pictures--	Don't have kids. Other pictures--I don't know--it's nothing I want to look back on
All I want is one more week.	Why?  You've done nothing to show any progress
They're trying to come through the door!	Everybody!  Back here
Paradise, huh? Might be one of the new putt-putts off route 99. Theo turns to leave.	Can I get you something for the road
I think I know exactly what you mean.	You do
What?	You smiled at me
You are cruel!  Your heartless jesting worse than torture!  How can you speak of love when you see what I am!	I like well what I see.  It pleases me
That's impossible. Michael Myers is an invalid.	He's here, Sheriff
You've been watching the film.	Tell me about the girl
What are you doing?! Get on with your misery!	Mph rmph rm rmph rm
I know...  ... So are you, Chauncey ...  ... Do you mind my being here, like this?	No, Eve. I like you to be here
Chopper coming in, Colonel. Two of them, I'm afraid.	Damn
Or believe, I'll bet.	Very likely. You're not exactly catching us at our best
Shep Proudfoot. That's a name.	Uh-huh
What was that?	Nothing
Even Robert E. Lee was a loser.	He goin' crazy on us, or what
What'd you tell him?	Yes
Someday, you may not mind so much.	Skip on to the Fire Swamp -- that sounded good
Quite a little performance you gave in the casino today--for me and that other guy. Come on down, let's chat..	I got her..
Haven't you heard about the miracle of masturbation?	...maybe we should be lesbos..
I'm sorry.	Everyday I have my friend Rick here bring a newly-cut red rose in with him and keep it behind the bar.  And I award it to a woman of exceptional beauty
You bet. Thanks for lunch. What do we got here, Arbie's?	Uh-huh
Get what?	Time
Relatives of old man Semple.	They keep insisting they should have some nuisance value
Now, listen. There's a fine opening for a fellow like you in the City Sealer's office.	The what
Guess I should have been telling your father.	So you're gonna take the word of some trick over Pop's?  He wouldn't lie
Let's not start on that again, Jeff -- please. I'm just beginning to get over it.	I don't believe you
Big girls don't cry-I-eye.	Two minutes, 35 seconds.  Damnit, I'm involved in this thing, so I just wanna know what this thing is. I wanna be treated as an adult
Everything'll work out.  Trust me on that.	Okay
"Ahh. 'National Geographic."" In my day, this made 'Playboy"" look like Mother Goose."	I don't mean to denigrate your misspent youth, Lex, but what does that rock have to do with -
Shoot.	You think....there could've been something up in those woods that Anna-
Dino...	Nobody knows anything
I've been pretty sad, but I think my dad is worse.	And you're worried about him
A little of this, a little of that.  Mostly I tell fortunes.	Where'd you learn to do that
I think it's cool.	You would
You said I couldn't. You've been good for two weeks...	Come here
I brought it for Tommy. I figured making a Jack-O-Lantern would keep him occupied.	I always said you'd make a fabulous girl scout
Fat Sam is turning state's evidence.	What's that
Can you talk to her?	She talks to me
What are you doing in New York...?	Come on, we'll get a cup of coffee..
I AM one, Dad!	We haven't got a spare place
Bullshit it's cosmetic! My fucking tooth was cracked in half. I made the son of a bitch write it in as a cavity. The department's dental is for shit.	Whoa, whoa... There he is
It will be okay.	*What* will be okay
Try it... it'll add years to our sex life.	Uh huh. Yeah. Forget it
I think you'll find it is in your interest.	Hold on. OK.  Look Willie, it's Plank outside asking for you, he says it's in our interest
These are my opinions based on my experiences with the few women who were good enough to sleep with me.	How many
It's complicated... I guess I'm trying to show how racism used to -- more out in the open and now it's hidden, or something...	And how does an image like this help us to see that
And I don't need to know. So fuck you, I'm goin' to Hollywood.	That's right, big shot. Unless you do what we want you're not coming back
Tell us about it.	It's too involved; a lifetime of non- involvement.  Anywhere else I'd be an interesting little number, here I'm just SAG number forty-eight thousand and one.  SAG meaning Screen Actor's Guild
Well, stay here tonight.	Thanks.  Tomorrow morning, I'm on a bus.  I'm gone
Well?	Home free
I'm worried about Andy.  His stress level is affecting his work.	Isn't Tony Clifton going on Taxi soon?  Maybe that'll chill him out
So, we get back on that rock and in three days we're dead anyway.	I want to live for the three days
Will, maybe we should have separate bedrooms for a while.	Oh come on..
I told you before, you wouldn't understand.	You're right, I don't understand. Explain it to me.  You were scared. Arlyn Page, that scared you. Well it should; that's death. So what did you do, you ran straight for it, death. Ligourin kills women
Egon!	Hello, Venkman
All I have to do is look at Amy's eyes, blue and deep like yours.	I'm not a jealous woman, Oliver
You really do hear a lot, don't you?	Yeah, I guess so.  What are you going to do now that you're home
A pet shop?	Well, it sort of got to be--from Jeff just pullin' splinters and things-
Jacques?  I'm pregnant.	That's good... that's wonderful. It's wonderful for you
With or without 'em.  Twelve--noon. The Senate convenes at twelve o'clock.	Gosh--that'll be something! You know what I better do in the morning
"Well... I've got another project I wasn't gonna tell you about. Lugosi's in it, but he's got a smaller part.  The lead is an ingenue, a sterling young actress named Dolores Fuller.  The title is ""Bride Of The Atom."""	Ah!  Atomic Age stuff, huh?  I like it.  I'll tell you what, Mr. Ward.  Why don't you leave those film cans, and my associates and I will take a look at your little opus.  Maybe we can do business together
No, in person.  Now.	It's twelve-thirty
Where?	In downtown Sydney for a start
Ma'am, please get out of your vehicle...	Merry, how... oh, Christ, of course, you had my phone tapped
Yeah, and he's strangling me...	Yeah
Why would we want to do that, Nell?	Because that's where he burned them up, the child laborers from his mills!  Because that's where their bones are!  He killed <i>hundreds</i>.  He took them here and he killed them.  Their bones are in the fireplace
What do I do with my free afternoon, walk you to the airport?	We could laze around here a while longer
Neil, don't leave the back doors open -- I don't want Holly near the pool.	We'd have to get one of those sliding covers for the pool
About now.  Would you like a drink?	I suppose I could stay, just until she arrives
Why?	Because..
Help me!!!	Hey, she doesn't want to go with you. Come on
Nothin' to do with it. I ain't never give John the kind of feelin' I give you, so I'm payin' him off now. Don't feel you got to say anything. Way it is, sometimes, you just have a feelin' for a child or you don't, and with John I just didn't.	Gotta go, Arletta
I like iced coffee, generally, but a day like this, rain and what not, I enjoy a warm cup --	-- do you wanna cup
I've got to get moving. Terry will bust my chops if I'm late. See you in September, Auggie.	Okay, my man. Love to the wife and kids, et cetera, et cetera. Drop me a postcard if you can remember the address
Where's Plissken?	He's... near
I'm glad you like it.	Whatever suggested the idea to you
Hello, Jimmy. What's up?	Listen, Runt--Quick! Where's the ice
This is quite a pad you got here, man.  Completely unspoiled.	What's your drink, Dude
Time to play Spam in the can.	Don't start with me, Cooper
I'm serious.	Shut up.  Look
Genetic repair mechanisms in eukaryotic organisms.	How is it
Yes.	Yes? Yes, you do have more experience
Es mi novia. [She's my girlfriend.]	I thought you were married
Scully --	I've got no allergy. Something... this... Mulder... I think... I think you should call an ambulance
That gun at Lahor, Kipling's cannon - Zamzammah - remember?  That was made out of the metal of ordinary things. I want to make an ordinary thing out of guns. His bayonet is thrust into the forge.  It's red hot.	When I went to England I was amazed at what went on, the waste - I'd been taught to re-use everything, the dung from a cow to cool a radiator, a fork to fix a typewriter - India could live for a hundred years on what I saw thrown away
What do you want me to say?	Just be natural, goddamit
Some sort of lead or something.	Radiation shield, you think
I see.	I suppose you don't believe me
Fletch, I got nervous. Please....	Forget it
Damnit... you were right last night. Jonathan and I were into more than sex.  Along with Bobby Vomit, right after old Jack Grendel died, we took part in a scheme to rip off Grendel records... I didn't want you involved...	But I am..
Not yet. Every person in this office comes in here and watches you guys! It's like the goddamn Young and the Restless! Rigfort's salivating over it.	You already pitched this to Rigfort?
I don't want to see you anymore.	I'll be right back, baby, really
I know all about you, Mr. Harris. When you buy companies, they have a way of disappearing.  Even the pension funds are stripped clean. The last three companies you took over were cut up in so many pieces, widows were left without their retirement checks.	What I did with those companies was perfectly legal
...and a fortune teller.	Yeah, well, obviously it wasn't meant to be.  I've got forty-eight hours.  I can still make it home in time to marry Dwayne and try to forget any of this ever happened
Flame-units only.  I want rifles slung.	Let's go.  Pull 'em out
This isn't an escort service?	It's a profound life experience
Yeah, that's right.	I saw you play, man.  You were good. Like a fucking freight train I remember saying.  So what happened, injuries or what
LaRiviere says he ain't gonna pay for the fixin' of your car. A couple hundred for the clutch. I got some more bad news. Wanna hear it?	Tell me
Do yourself a favor - go back where the millionaires are - the sweet end of the lollipop - not the cole slaw in the face and the old socks and the squeezed-out tube of toothpaste -	That's right - pour it on.  Talk me out of it
How's it going? It's been a while...	...Six months
They'll be returned to you, Miss Schmidt, as soon as they've been examined.	There's nothing in them
"""My""..."	"Now we're on the right track... Put back ""dear""... How does it read"
Heather.	Yeah
I've got a gun.	I know.  Light a match, will you
What about the bank?	Jackson panicked and nailed the guard
No.  I have the space.  I figured it out.  This is what I want to do.	Alright.  I'll ask Pablo, tell him it's for you.  I don't think there will be a problem
It's... I don't know.	No. Nobody does. Do you know WHY? Because my character Isn't IMPORTANT enough for a last name. Because I'm going to DIE five minutes in, why bother to come up with a last name for me
Clues?  What kind of clues?	A secret army.  The Army of The Twelve Monkeys.  I've told you about them. They spread the virus.  That's why we have to get to Philadelphia.  I have to find them -- it's my assignment
It is.	Can it truly be used for magic
Liz left us, Red. Take the hint.	We don't take hints
There's what they're waiting on!	They'll have to come right past us
Try, Kelly.	"I know one thing he said.  It was when... when he took himself out and was standing up.  He said, ""Don't worry, I didn't come."" I can't forget that.  He said, ""No little girl can ever make me come."
That's crazy. How could she find out about it?	Somebody told her
Have you decided if you are going to join the Virginia Delegation to the Constitutional Convention?	I'm not sure
Yes.  I suppose so.  Where?	The same place.  One o'clock.  I have to go now.  See you tomorrow.  Remember, I need you
Helluva night, isn't it?	Yup.  Sure is
Well, I am the head of this household--	I want him to at least see the sky
It's Merle, Sal.	Merle? ... Merle's alive?  How do you know
Yeah. I think so. I just had to tell him some of what I knew. Is Friday still on?	You didn't tell him about me
...what did you want?	I know where he is
Why do you think they call him Jangle Leg?	Somebody just told me he wins the three-legged race every year
Gonna knock down a wall?	Might try that
But I want to.	No. We shouldn't touch that money. We don't know about that money. That might be dangerous money. You have to start all over again. You look like a brand new person and you can be a brand new person... whoever you want to be
Oh, really.	It's this double-standard, the separate quarters, the deferential treatment.  It's how you pulled out my chair and nearly served high tea the first time we met
Dunois... was it you who ordered the attack?  Answer me?!	Can we -- uh -- discuss this later
Good evening, Mr. deWitt.	I had no idea you knew each other
He's tough, your American friend.	Yes, Sam's tough alright
Soon, you'll have your own rage!	I guess
In Costa Blanca.	Yes
It's not a request.  I need to know what White knows.  Follow him or I'll have you pulled off 'Badge of Honor.'  Permanently.	Yesterday that might've meant something.  Pull me off.  You'd be doing me a big favor
No, I'm not gonna letcha. You have a great voice.	Really, do you think so, really
Ohhhh!	How about you
...Gordon.	Yeah, I'm gonna make you rich, Bud Fox. I'm gonna make you rich enough you can afford a girl like Darien. Remember, power is the best aphrodisiac. This is your wake-up call. Go to work
Look -- can Great White Sharks communicate?  Send out signals, or something?  You know, take revenge, sense an enemy....	Don't be ridiculous -- Sharks don't take things personally
Yeh, I wrote a couple down.	Two?  That's it
Oh man, you a FINE nigga! You know that?	Cut it out, man! And don't be callin' me that shit
You better quit pushing me, pal.	I just want to know what goes on in the mind of a litterbug.  What chemical is secreted by your smooth brain that tells you, 'It's okay, just chuck it'
...Could I get you to call Loretta and tell her I've gone to Odessa? goin' to visit with Carla Jean Moss.	Yes Sheriff
What do you think of this one?	I'd have to see it on
Hello, Benjamin.	Who's Benjamin
I really couldn't believe it when you told me, you know that?	Well, he was always a little crazy... he puts a gun in his mouth...  ...like your friend...comme si chiama...Henning?  Heming
Who cares? Rose, tell him we have an arrangement.	Well, wha...what kind of arrangement
What?	Last time they won, Dr. J. was a nurse
Do you have a, ah, film called 'Slave of Love?'	What we got is just these here.  What you see
I guess.  You're lucky you don't have any old people around here.	She was about to get married again. She locked me out of the bedroom last night
Of course. Every day.	O.K
He's offerin you a deal? Why don't you take it ..	He ain't offerin me shit
Right.	Thank you
What do you see?	Roofs... towers, palaces... spires..
I have no future husband.	I don't understand.  Not a week ago your father gave us his blessing
So, how does it feel to be kissed by two women?	They say it's fantastic.  At least that's what I read in a men's magazine.  So who are the two lucky ones
However many.  It's not enough.	I'm already on thin ice.  Yesterday, I actually thought my boss was going to fire me
Where were you?	Detroit
Why'd you leave Balincrest?	My brother went here
In high school.	He'll be impressed.  The clincher is, you <u>walk</u> away, then <u>whip</u> around..
Right.	Cause first you gotta move, then there's decorating, and if the windows aren't the same size, you know -- you're making all new curtains.  Honest to God, I don't know if I have the energy.  You know, I've been sick. Me and Peter both have
What're you gonna do with Morse Code?	...we put your Guy in a <u>sweater</u>..
He's already angry, I don't think --	Just because he doesn't like Americans
Can I -- I mean -- do you mind -- if I wear this again. Professor Tripp?	Ah, wear whatever you want
Give it back? Are you nuts?	You pawned it
I'll put this in the back.	No -
It looks like a Renoir.	Yes.  Do you know Sibelius' Fourth Symphony, The Normandy
How about chargin' the battery?	That we do. And we put air in the tires. I'll even sell you some gas if you need it
It's a hitchhiker.	Way out here
I love you dad.	I love you so much it hurts. Me and your mother marvel at what you have become. You're going to have a wonderful journey with this girl. I feel it deep inside. A wonderful, magical journey.  And I'm, like I said, just so proud of how you turned out.  You go out and knock 'em dead Keith. Knock'em dead
You'll laugh.	I promise I won't laugh. Who told her
Have you got your gun on now?	Sure have, Sam
You do?	I've had two separate folks tell me they think there are strangers around these parts the last couple of nights. Can't tell what they look like, cause they're staying in the shadows -- covert like. No one's got hurt mind you... And that's the give away
Victor, wait, slow down a second. I want you to know I appreciate everything you've done for me, but I just don't --	Susan. What are you doing
And if they're still in place?	Then someone forged a data bank entry
Then we're rich. We're damn, filthy stinking rich.	It looks like it
Condolences. How you fixed for cabbage this mornin'?	Oh me and my chum are just rolling in the stuff. We only work down here for a hobby, J.P
It will?	Uh-huh
Oh yeah... maybe... Seymour's going on his big date tonight and I kind of want to be around when he calls, so I can hear how bad it went.	God, I'm so sick of Seymour
I  have complete faith in you. But don't you go speeding.	Yeah...see you at three
Right.  You're quite the Sir Galahad today, aren't ya'?  I heard what you did with Kross.	It was a business decision
Then why the sudden exit without even telling me?	Do you want the truth, Anya
I think you ought to give this matter some thought, Mr. Deeds.	Huh
You said Merry Christmas, Rudy.	I... you told me your name was Rudy. You told me a million times, back in the truck, telling me you weren't Nick -
This is preposterous!  I demand an explanation.	Fine.  This University will no longer continue any funding of any kind for your group's activities
What it smell like?	Smells like you didn't fall in no mud
Lewis Gilbert.	Screenwriter
We've got nothing, Bob.  This won't work.	If we find nothing, we get creative. Just make something up.  Instead of a couple weeks it'll be a couple of months.  The whole thing is under control
What?	During the Farpoint mission. We were on the Bridge and you told a joke. That was the punchline
Ours is not to reason why.	Huh
What did you do to your hair?	What did you do to yours
Oh my god, they do not!  They don't smell.	They do smell.  Some of them smell.. babies smell
Here, let me do that.	No, I'm fine
Goddamn.	Had to take him to the hospital. Kid had Dr. Zaius stuck half way up his butt, couldn't get it out
You'll never guess what's happened!!	What?
But it's such a waste - a full moon - an empty yacht -	I'll throw up
I loved you, Madeleine.	I was safe when you found me, there was nothing you could prove! But when I saw you again I couldn't run away, I loved you so! I walked into danger and let you change me again because I loved you and wanted you!  Scottie, please! You love me now! Love me! Keep me safe
You missed out on some great broccoli florets at dinner.	I wasn't hungry
Oh, that's just a bunch of baloney! We never believed that in my family!	Well, we did in my family
You're a beautiful woman an'... if I was to want a free one, I guess I'd want you more than them others. It ain't... See... I can't have no free one on account of my wife...	Your wife
Not with that sail.  Spinosaurus Aegypticus.	I don't remember that on InGen's list
You're a really good kisser.	So are you.  Are you shaking
Okay, I guess.	Well, why don't you tell me what's going on? Do you mind if I turn this on
I know.	What about you
Ted, all I wanted to know was where--	"I walk in the house and before I can say ""How are you?"", ""Did you have a nice day?"" before I can say anything.   Pow she's out the door"
Think it through.  If we leave a hole like this, we'll never prosecute.  He'll walk.  We have to come up with some excuse for knocking on this door.	Okay... okay... get off
I think so. I think that's one of the clues. It's a clue that tells us... to keep going.	Where are we going
Paramount is calling.	Who
It's not this weird.  It'll make sense. Everything gets weird this late anyway, right?	Sure
He was here?	Yeah, we were goin' over everything. That's why all the bags
Maybe you ought to have a talk With Doc, Wyatt.  I don't know if He's gonna make it.	There's no reasoning with him
Just gather everyone up for a staff meeting and be happy!!	Got it
I don't think you do.	Why can't you believe that you did everything you could
Up here on the fifteenth floor?	Yes. Up here on the fifteenth floor. Goodnight
Yes.  Indeed I did.	You know, you're a <u>writer</u>, that's your script.  You're a <u>director</u>...  But if you're the <u>producer</u> ... what did you do?  What did you do?  All you've got is the <u>credit</u>...  Some plaque on the wall..
It's only a short drive, Mr. Webster.	Oh -- it's you again. What do you want
What d'you mean?	Nothin. Quit lookin' at me like that
But I'm married.	Something else we have in common
It's got it all--sex, intrigue, immorality in the education system--	He's my teacher
I can't identify him ..	He don't know that. I didn't
Lemon or raspberry?	Lemon
You got to watch those things. Wives are getting smarter all the time.  Take Mr. Bernheim -- in the Claims Department -- came home one night with lipstick on his shirt -- told his wife he had a shrimp cocktail for lunch -- so she took it out to the lab and had it analyzed -- so now she has the house in Great Neck and the children and the new Jaguar --	Don't you ever stop talking
Look, I ain't saying it was right, but sometimes things happen.	And some things should never fucking happen
Look.  Look at that.  Bert Schnick can see.  Why...he's...dancing.	Yes.  Macabre, isn't it.  The blind leading the blind
What do you whistle?	Yankee Poodle
Someone in possession of all the facts.  Are you telling me I have to do this?	Generally, I don't favor coercing someone. Not when there's a chance my life could end up in their hands
Which kind?	The forever kind
"""Plum Island Animal Disease Research Center."" Sounds charming."	That's just part of the island. It has a very nice beach. Terns nest there
What d'ya got?	Yamaha white.  Nice
Baxter, we're a little disappointed in you -- gratitude-wise.	Oh, I'm very grateful
'Cause she my fine little surfer gal. She can't do me no harm. Fact she think she can play you against me shows how little she knows. You could teach that bitch for days how it is 'tween me an you, she never understand a damn word.	Why do you let someone know your business you can't trust
You just worry about yourself, James. Okay?	Okay
Fuck you.	This isn't your concern.  It's over, here and now
We're outnumbered twenty to one.	It's suicide
They'll read our minds!	You're scaring your sister
Nay.  I show no pity to imps and fiends.	I know the rogue, Jack.  Tis Jimmy Squarefoot
Sure, it was good -- it was wonderful! Only you expected it to be like other marriages. It can't be like other marriages -- we're different! We're a different world. Look at what we went through today. I wouldn't trade that for any honeymoon in the world. I bet you wouldn't, either.	A fine honeymoon, with a murderer right in the boudoir! And that other honeymoon in a coal mine
Is it weird?	The mark? Yes
That's pretty.	Are you sure this is the town he lives in
As far as crew, I was hoping Ben could pilot the mission --	Well, he's welcome to ride shotgun, but we already have a pilot on our payroll.  You remember my brother Johnny..
We're being hailed.	On screen
Monsieur.	May I ask how much your rooms are
How will you fight Apollo Creed?	Creed's great, ain't he... I'll do what I can
Ronnie. Please, baby...	Did 'ya have fun with her? Sweet as a peach, I bet. Huh? Huh
One lonely, terrifying sea snake.	You manifested that, Beth
Hello - Central Services - I'm at 579B Block l9, Northwestern Section D - that's exit 1 on Green Pastures Highway at the Orange Blossom Flyover - and I've got trouble with the air- conditioning	Thank you or calling Central Services. am sorry, due to temporary staff shortage, Central Services cannot take service calls centrally between 2300 and 0900 hours - have a nice day - this has not been a recording, incident
Never felt better.	Tony Janiro's gotta watch out, eh
Sure.  I guess I make it difficult sometimes.	Yes, you do
Not when it's like this.  This animal has been ashore for 10, 12 hours, and drifting for a day, at least.  Every little nibbler in the sea's taken a bite.	Look -- can Great White Sharks communicate?  Send out signals, or something?  You know, take revenge, sense an enemy...
I'm serious, Sam.	What, the heat here
No.	That day you came over to my place to play doctor... what was going on there
Self control?  That's funny coming from the guy that slept with every Moon Princess and Terrakian slave girl on the show!...	Did it ever occur to you that if you had been a little more supportive you could have held on to me
Yes, madame?	What are you going to do with my day tomorrow, M'sieu Laval
It's over, finished and done with.	That sounds so final. But are we really surprised
The public decides who's on that list.	Please
Yes. On the Texas border. Some kind of experiment. Something they excavated was brought there in tanker trucks.	What
If I profane with my unworthiest hand This holy shrine, the gentle sin is this: My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand To smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss.	Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much, Which mannerly devotion shows in this; For saints have hands that pilgrims' hands do touch, And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss
And I know that's not where you want to be.	... shit
Barbatus, hang on -- Barbatus!!	Don't make my mistake, kid... don't...be a grunt...your whole life..
Okay, this test is going to be about the theorems I told you about last week. You remember the...	Don't tell me now. Tell me right before the test. I won't be able to remember long enough
Yes I did, I'm sorry.	No, is Regan aware of it
And the way you search your prisoners, it does sound rather unlikely.	All I know is he did it. I am satisfied
...can we have a white one...?	Can we have a white one, please..
It's in the transcript. What does it matter now?	It doesn't matter to me, Will
I'll get the information.	... and I want you to start cleaning the equipment out of the scan- shielded compartments
The Americans, and the UN they have you as a war criminal. You are on a list.	I am on a list! What list
Like to get this position.  Did you or were you asked to do anything lewd or unsavory or otherwise repulsive to your person?	Are you for real
I can't Jack. How can I?	Yes you can
Mrs. Holland must have been beautiful ---	Many people thought her beautiful
We have an enlisted man's club at the post.	Well, you're the Man out there now, aren't you? It's your call
Walter?	Yes
At some point a man's got to get serious about his future. I'm sure you have no idea what I'm talking about.	You're talking about giving up baseball to be a bank teller
I don't know, man. Maybe we should keep going, find a phone --	No
But what?	I want you to know how much I love you.  That you've given a meaning to my life that I had no right to expect, and that no one can ever take from me
Yeah. We were just passing out guns.	Always joking. Always making wisecrackers
Did you hear that?	Yeah, but they're not watching yachts. Come on - you're going to call Osgood
He's out.	I know he's out, but how's he doing
He's taken over the case because... they're annoyed the previous chap let Dickie... disappear when he was the only, he was the only suspect in Freddie's murder.	Quando e stata l'ultima volta che il signor Ripley ha visto il signor Greenleaf
Where did this come from?	My engineers unearthed it in the mountain region north of Ankara while excavating for copper.  Can you translate the inscription
Sometimes things are simpler than you think. Let me ask you a question.	You don't believe me
Why should you be surprised? You were a very well-liked person.	Debbie Klein cried a lot
And you?	It was a good job. Not many ways for a foreigner to make money here. Ryuji hires me to organize business meetings...take care of things
So where are you?	Right here
What is it? You want to help me, you feel sorry for me? Keep it to yourself.	I need to sit down a minute
I'm building a larger one to see the nucleus of Haley's Comet --	The dirty snowball at its core
I'll need system four converters.	They're back here
Whoís dead?	My team.  Claire, Jack, even Jim - - Hannah, maybe, I -- donít kno
Unit two, this is One. The Kobayashi Maru has set sail for the promised land. Acknowledge.	Message acknowledged. All units will be informed
Yes -- let's run!	Yes
Well, thanks, thank you. You-you're a wonderful tennis player.	Oh
It's bad.	He will
Head towards Union Station.	What's at Union Station
Eh, he's puttin' 'em in backwards!	Plus is positive, minus is negative! Oh, let me
I just want a friend. Just one friend for just one minute...	Laura, how about one friend for the rest of your whole life
You'll like it fine.	Okay.  Thanks, Barney.  You're the best
Sure.  No place to bathe for days, sleeping in flea-infested beds... They tell you all about that in those books?	You know what I mean.  I'm getting married soon, but I haven't lived the life I want
What's this?	Report on the case so far
What do ya mean?	You know, somebody tailin' ya.  A torpedo or somethin'
That's it?	That's it
Don't thank us too fast, Viktor. You know what we have to do?	Why stop at one character when you can have a whole cast
No...	Let's go.  Him first
Did he give you his politicians?	Not all...I needed another four months and I would have had them all.  I guess you've figured it all out
I think the question would be, do you have a thing for bats?	So, this Riddler, he's dangerous
What?	Don't go like that
Not by the thousands.	No, I gotta admit this is peculiar.  Did you have a light burning or something
Always...	No matter what... like splitting aces
Boy is he excited about the game tomorrow.	He ain't the only one
I think Sheila's more interested in dissecting bodies than just admiring them.	Give her time.  Beauty is skin deep
They?	Dead people
I didn't do anything wrong.  I didn't mean...	Beth
At this hour?	Cleanliness is a twenty-four-hour job, ma'am..
Really? Tell me about it.	It's an uprising
-- how you -- how anyone -- could do a thing like that.	What did she say
Paulie's gonna make him?	Who else? Paulie got the okay. This little guinea fuck. Someday he's gonna be a boss. Can you believe someday we'll work for him
You ain't going to squeal this one, brother.	No? Aren't you a little afraid to turn the stoolie loose on that compound? For a tip-off like this, you know what the Krauts would pay
Oh, God...	I called your room from downstairs
Why would she come here...	This is where I proposed
He's gonna <u>shoot</u> me?	When he finds out you tossed his list? I would
Indefinitely.	How long is that
No!?	Umm.  What I mean is...no plans at the moment..
You're mad.	Entirely. On the other hand  Mad people get things done. Let me show you -
We'll get off in Washington and hook another ride.	Where are you going
Do you mind if I smoke, Mr. Garrison?	How could I?  Dave, as you know, President Kennedy was assassinated on Friday.  A man named Lee Harvey Oswald was arrested as a suspect and then was murdered yesterday by a man named Jack Ruby.  We've heard reports that Oswald spent the summer in New Orleans and we've been advised you knew Oswald pretty well
It's the wrong field, you idiot! Lucas' farm is on the other side of town.	You sure
When do you think we'll be going back, Mack?	Come here a minute, Cheswick. You, too, Sefelt. Hey, all you guys, come over here, I wanna show you somethin'
He was looking at everybody the same way. Asking the same question.	Yeah, yeah... .  This Father Barry, what's his racket
He's the guy Buzz.	He's not the guy, Millie. Just whip the whips
Why, well I think we've, we both don't know...what do you mean?	I think that you know
...it just goes to show, when one door slams shut, another one opens. Here's to ya, uh...	Ed
It's probably nothing, but even if it is, it's no skin off our teeth.  The man at Hot Dog World is a friend, in the Bureau.	Him
I don't know...sorry?	Sergeant, we could use a big bomb
No one knows. They say it blew up.	Blew up? What do you mean it blew up
Didn't you tell me to be patient with my career?	...Yeah, but entertainment law isn't something you just jump into..
No, on the porch.	Oh yeah, and then what
Income tax evasion?	Murder
Now what can I do for you?	I was hoping we could talk
I can't right now.	Jody, you have to go to the party. For your own safety
What are you doing here?	Just what I was about to ask you. I thought you were in New York
I'm sorry.  If there was any other-	I know.  Just did what you had to. That banner and stuff, that's Just Ike.  Don't worry about it
No, no, listen. They're tryin' to say he was in cahoots with this killer--	Flash, drop it-
Yeah...?	"Well my cousin Fred met this dame from back East.  She's from ""old money,"" and he thinks she's loaded. And here's the kicker: She's <u>very</u> <u>interested</u> in the picture business"
You guess?  Did he or didn't he?	Yeah... okay... he di
I was going to remind you of nothing, least of all that which you know well.  Your mistake, if I may be so bold, was promotion. Commanding a Starship is your first best destiny. Anything else is a waste of material.	I would not presume to debate you
No.  No way.  I can't do this.	Max.  You threw my briefcase in the river.  You've got balls bigger than Toledo
Well, that's a relief.  I understand they usually don't let that stop them.	However... you're gonna be subpoenaed to testify before the Un-American Activities Committee when they open hearings in Los Angeles.  Now, if you play ball and tell them what they want to hear, they'll clear you
"--the water like ""'weeps"" through the cement, see. Twenty, thirty years, you can almost push it over. All we do is use Gastrohead's screwdriver here and scrape the mortar out. Pull out 2, 3 stones, squeeze through, put 'em back, and get our ass down the shaft, It's a two night operation, maybe three."	And what do you do when you in the catacombs
The army?	Lincoln used it
He's already losing control of his vitals.  Respiratory.  Cardiovascular. Unless we manage to replace the filter by tomorrow morning, I'm afraid.	We have to find Magneto
That's not what I'm sug--	...when tonight they'll probably be keeping us awake
Or maybe not.	Where is everybody
I will see you at suppertime, Rose.	Yes, air
Raise the platform, hurry!	Oh!  Yes, Doctor
Um, I'm gonna need a bag. If you could just ask the guy for a big bag, okay?	Go get a bag, man
Burt and Heather's place is closer. Let's do their kitchen today.  Do Nestor tomorrow.	Nestor's out of town tomorrow.  We don't dig today.  We don't get paid today.  Damn it, Valentine, you never plan ahead.  You never take the long view.  Hell, here it is Monday and I'm already working on Wednesday.  It is Monday, right
Warsaw Radio. I was a technician. I saw you almost every day.	Sorry, I don't remember
I don't think there's any hope, either. I was just trying to make you feel better.	Thanks
Am I missing something here?	I went back there, and Dante was already waiting for me
Typical male.	Typical male
Tear into it, will you? Don't sit there like a frozen robin!	I'm finished
Better go.  Grierson hates people being late.	Yes.  Ahm... think I'11 ..
I'm very sorry... I didn't...	Oh, God. Don't start actin' like a fuckin' wife on me
You are success story?  I am success story!  Why do you say I and not we?	Oleg, don't be paranoid.  You got a hundred-fifty thousand dollars, didn't you?  I gave you half of what they gave me.  Look - here we are
Yes, true. But on other worlds there would be other problems - heat, cold, no life, no life support systems...No, Lara, believe me; Earth is the least of evils. On Earth, his lighter gravity will render him almost weightless - that can't be helped. But with his denser molecular structure, he will also be strong.  He will be fast, He will be virtually invulnerable.	He will be odd, different
I gotta take a squirt, where's the commode in this dungeon?	Go down the hall, turn left, up those stairs, then turn right
What makes you say that?	All the guys they claim are English to and good-looking like Dan Day- Lewis and Liam Neeson, turn out to be Irish.  Even Anthony Hopkins is welsh.  Prince Charles is so ugly they pay him two million bucks a year to stay indoors
Good, yeah, it is a rose. Only this one is rather atypically made from 100% Pinot Noir.	Pinot noir? Not again!  You know, not all Pinots are noir
Let me tell you something. I got groped by these Tunisian guys who thought I was a slut for wearing shorts, it was hotter than stink the whole time, and I got some kind of weird gum disease from the water. Plus, it ended my marriage --	That's horrible
What do you mean? You're where right now?	At your house
And they can't fly around out there forever.	So we wait
No. But someday.	Thank goodness. We'd be out of work
Sorry, coach.	What the fuck is this?  You got someplace more important to be
Don't worry about it.	There are cops all over the place
Nikita?	Yellow Pages.  V for veterinarian. There aren't that many
I only dog paddle.	Veer left. Left. Left
What?	He's got 12 satellites up. He's got dishes on top of 21. He's building this --  mega-network for Skywire. Let's use it
I call'em as I see'em, Jim.  I'm ruling it inadmissible.	That's our case
Straight rotation, no shit, call your shot.	Lemme break
Can't tie him. Either we'll hurt him or he'll git so mad he'll hurt his self.  Reckon we could git him *drunk*?	Ain't no whisky, is they
Since Kirk started this whole crisis in Truman's life, I came to the conclusion that he was the only one who could end it.	I understand he's hardly had a life of his own since he left the show.  How did you convince him--was it the opportunity to be close to Truman again
I can't go with him.	Look, I don't care whether you go with Doug or not, but you_ve got to see him before he leaves
Sir, we won’t be able to bring you back. It’s a one way trip. Captain, I don't know if the transporter...	That's an order, Commander
Mr. Bixler,  I love you.	Oh, Vada..
What?	That he doesn't...see me, or, you know, that I'm...that's something's wrong...with me
I'm getting high readings near the air vents.  It must be using the duct system to get around.  See, I told you we'd get something.	So far all we got is a shit smell on the twelfth floor and we almost fried a Puerto Rican bellboy
That's the third time he's called today.	He wants me to break a leg
You lookin' at it. I got to say you look older.	I am older
Uh-huh. Some beat, huh?	Yeah
Hey, I'm a sacred vessel. All you've got in your belly is Taco Bell!	Touche
Where do I charter a boat?	There's nothing fast enough to catch that. Forget it. It's over
What's so funny?	Nothing..
I think they mean business.	Hang on, boys
That's it.	Do you realize that the monetary value of this promotion and the prize is potentially worth more than the purchases
Yeah, why?	The manager's door is metal
No you don't! You don't want any broads with boots on!	I don't care if they wear galoshes
Who are these people?	My Mom and Dad
What you look at, Indy?	Just a statue
Pittsburgh?	Mm hmm
I been calling for four months.	Well, that's how long I've been out at sea
DON'T call the police.	Why not? There's been a murder
Then I envy yo.	Why
Yes.	Get lost
Yeah.	Not much cop without 'em, is it
Yes?	Forced spice evolution of humans changes many things.... I must sit close to him
How goes the roll call?	We're secured.  Takeover team is in position and accounted for
How do they know?	What is your idea of being normal
Ball games! Don't break my heart! I wouldn't care if he gave you a life pass to the Polo Grounds. So you got a brother. Well, let me tell you something you got some other brothers— and they're all getting the short end while your cousin Johnny gets mustard on his face at the Polo Grounds. If I was you—  — Listen, I'm not asking you to do anything, Terry. It's your own conscience that's got to do the asking.	Conscience... .  I didn't even know I had one until I met you and Edie... this conscience stuff can drive you nuts
And the head.  You hit me, Dad!	I'll never forgive myself -
Keep going.	The view had better be worth it
No radio source.  Nothing for the bad guys to triangulate on.	Show me how it operates
You've done a terrific job, Jean- Luc. Now, pack your bags and get the hell out of there. How's Data?	In stasis. La Forge is completing the diagnostic
What're you thinking, Jerry?	Water mains usually go in the winter.  It's August 1st
Well, why don't you say it?	I don't know. Maybe I will say it. How old are you anyway
I'm not sure I'd call them murder exactly. More like a couple of bar fights that got out of hand.	I seem to recall arguing the same thing in court while you were trying to file murder-one charges
Tom.	Hello, sir.  Marge, you should have waited, didn't Peter tell you I'd come by and pick you up
Now, where is that secret knot? It's impossible to find.  Are you coming down into the Pit? Westley's got his strength back. I am starting him on The Machine tonight.	Tyrone, you know how much I love watching you work. But, I've got my country's five hundredth anniversary to plan, my wedding to arrange, My wife to murder, and Guilder to frame for it. I'm swamped. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           75
Who is he?	At the moment?  Carl Smith
<Cardiac Red Alert> we're stopping the Heart.	Message to Proteus
Are you... are you hungry?	I pity us, Dad. I pity us both
Inga, wake up!	What is it?  Is something wrong, Doctor
Dance? Here?	Why not
If you want company...	Just check out the car
Yeah... I know the routine.	You are married
I can't.  Look -- this job -- it's the best thing that ever happened to me.  I mean it. For the first time in my life, I got people respecting me.  Up in Hinkley, I walk into a room and everyone shuts up just to hear what I got to say.  I never had that.  Ever. Don't ask me to give it up.  I need it.	More than you need me
Mr. Gardiner, how very nice to have you with us this evening.	Yes
I'm quite prepared to tell you everything, though there isn't much you haven't guessed.	About the conspiracy
Good morning.	How much do I owe the Milk Fund so far
I've offended you!	No
"He said he was the Brain Trust. Said he was smarter than all of us. He started reading ""Atlas Shrugged,"" staring at himself in the mirror."	Did he try to kiss you
Ok.	And um....do you have Swank magazine
... Nothing human could have made it back here in this weather without a guideline...	... Where is everybody?!  I'm half frostbit
Don't talk, I told you. You just screwed it up.	What am I supposed to do
My wife said I have to cancel the deal.	It's a common reaction, Jim.  I'll tell you what it is, and I know that that's why you married her. One of the reasons is prudence. It's a sizable investment.  One thinks twice...it's also something women have.  It's just a reaction to the size of the investment. Monday, if you'd invite me for dinner again...  This woman can cook..
Don't promise...just deliver.	Ok, now that that's over with...what are you gonna make me for breakfast
What?	Oh - uh - nothing
..who would benefit from his disappearance?  <u>No</u> one.  No one has but lost by it...	...would you excuse me...
No, Marty. Shemp's molecular structure is completely intact!	Then where the hell is he
He's just being nice.	Nice
How long you had these guys?	Two months.  But this one is not guy.  It is girl.  His girl
"Please, Eddie, no 'Fat Lady Sings"" shit."	I still sense some doubt in this group, we could turn it around. You'll be up in the country
I don't really know.	To only exercise Dr. Woodly ever gets is playing the violin and making that stupid peace sign.  Peace.  Peace.  Peace, everybody
Now?	Yes
Because interrogation rooms look suspiciously like interrogation rooms, which doesn't exactly put people at ease. Is he cute?	Excuse me
For how long?  And why?	Please.  Don't worry about him.  And above all, don't antagonize him
Uh... Yeah. Yeah. She's real nice.	Well, what's nice about her? Tell us
You... are a wuss. Part wimp. Part pussy.	What do you mean -- wuss? This girl is my exact type. It's her. Definitely her
What's the other?	Excuse me
Okay.	I'll see you back at the hotel
You missed a button.	Huh
Awesome!	Jeremy, I need you to tell the people of the world what you see
Yes, I heard, and it's not a problem.	What do you want
We'll be on teams, me and you?	Yessir
Can there be... some kind of test? To find out who's what?	A serum test possibly
You, Kelly, Sam.	I don't have to listen to this.  And you can't shove me around.  I have friends now..
A Runner gave it to me.	And then you killed him, right
How many times a year.	On New Year's Eve. Sometimes on his birthday
I've eaten.	Well, aren't you going to finish dressing for your graduation party? Look at you
Get lost, you scared me.	Fish are all over the water...Come on, let us take a boat out
... formica. I did real well. I think she liked me.	Did you meet Captain Kirk
Yes, we're in New York now.  But where are you planning to stay in New York?	A cheap hotel
Where did you get that?	At the newsstand on 3rd
Order!	Finally, there was only one answer to a man like him--the truth--which I rose and gave to this body!  Mr. President--he has told lie upon lie--every lie a desperate attempt to conceal his own guilt. And now, he is trying to blackmail this Senate-- as he tried to blackmail me! To prevent his expulsion, he would probably even try to hold up this Deficiency Bill--vital to the whole country--which must be passed immediately--*today*! *Anything*--to force you to clear his bad name and save his hide!  Gentlemen--I--I have no more patience with this--this *rascally* character. I apologize to this body for his appointment--I regret I had ever known him. I--I'm sick and tired of this contemptible young man and I refuse to listen to him any longer! I hope every member of this body feels as I do
...-natic.	That's why I didn't give it..
We're working as hard as we can --	Yeah.  I can tell.  Victor was right
Physicists, mathematicians, geologists, you name it.	Geologists?  At a plane crash
Really? For most people it's a rather pleasant experience. What exactly did you...	This portal is mine and must be sealed up forever. For the love of God
Hello Paul. Is Telly inside?	Is Telly there? This is Paul. Who is this
Well?	Mrs. Robinson. If that's the best we can do let's just get the goddamn clothes off and -
We didn't tell her anything yet. We thought that we'd leave it to you. We thought you'd put it like how you were lonely, and why don't she come to live with you. Because that way it looks like she's doing you a favor, insteada we're throwing her out, and it won't be so cruel on her. Do you want Tommy and me to stay here with you?	I think it be a better idea if you and Thomas go out, because otherwise she's gonna start a fight with you, and everybody's gonna be yelling
You think Jack shot him?	Well, it was an accident
This storm do that?	Couldn't be possible.  Must have weighted a ton and a half..
There is to be no communication with other members of the household on matters concerning the court except through myself or one of the Equerries.  No plans must be altered unless you are given prior authority by myself or a senior member of the household.	I came down at the Queen's request. I'll take my orders from her
They just walked out.  The smaller man -- he must be Dominican or Haitian -- he kicked me so hard. I felt a rib crack but I never made a sound.  It's starting to hurt now -- real bad.  A throbbing.  I can't even take a deep breath.	Don't move around.  You don't want to puncture a lung
I suppose your grandmother's house when she passed on. But we sold that right away. Your cousin Shirley bought it.	So you never bought any land
I couldn't if I tried.	The only thin that ever bothers me is their jibberish. When they start raving on and on..
What is it?  I'm about to go on.	We have to talk
One called Magua arrived.	He delivered no such message
What do you mean, it's 'gone'? Where has it gone, Tommy?	It'll be here somewhere. I might have returned it by mistake
Complete your inspection?	They're nothing but boys.  It will be a slaughter tomorrow
What?	Since when do you care about the homeless
But there it is!...	A model, only as big as this
Shep said 8:30.	We been sitting here an hour.  I've peed three times already
Where the hell is it?	Where the hell do you think it is, potato head
Okay, so maybe I'm a nun -- so, you want to ask me something?  You want to listen, for once in your little lives? You want to pay some attention?	What about crack?  You a user
You walk out and deal justice. You're what I wish I could be.  The policemen who kills you, his family will have all they want.	Then I hope the one who gets me has got lots of kids. What do you want
I know what you're thinking.  But the truth is, this other person is not someone I'm in love with.  As a matter of fact, after what she just did, she's not even someone I like much.  So in a technical sense, I'm not sure you could call me and her cheating...officially.	Do guys actually believe their lame, self- serving excuses
No, Alex. It's, it's --	What
What's wrong?	I don't know
You grown.	Yes si
I want someone to talk to ...	You can talk to me ..
I wish I could help but last I saw Gregory was outside my front door.	Okay, if you think of anything else, please give us a call
Tomorrow afternoon...  ... oh my god...	Exactly.  Break it to her gently
I'm so flattered but I can't. I'm grounded.	Everyone's grounded. There's a killer on the loose
Hey, Come on, shrink time's over. They wouldn't go see some old girlfriend.	Oh, yeah, well look where you came when you were down and out
Get ready pard. This one's gonna blow you away.	Zackie, nothing you do will ever surprise me, pard, not after some of the shit you've pulled
It was snowing.	Unless the report from the National Weather Bureau for the district on January 23 goes into the record, I will object to that question
So I guess you'll need a new spot for your moonshine.	I reckon so
Knock knock.	Who's there
She says you're a fabulous hairdresser.	Thank you
No sir! We have Genesis -- Whatever you want --	<u>Full power damn you</u>
You're a day late.  We keep a schedule aboard ship.  Lives depend on it.  Hello, Philip.	Sir
If you don't mind me asking, what is the reason you are in this place?	What
And you, if you had come out of Egypt, you would have been destroyed in the desert with those who worshipped the Golden Calf.	Then let Him destroy me now. Let Him crush me like the conceited bully He is.  Go ahead. Kill me. Here I am. Do it!
Apparently just before her death.	Well, that's crazy. I don't know anybody who gets cremated
I bring you the greetings of my President and the good will of my people.	I'll keep the greetings -- but you can send back the good will... what we need right now is twenty million dollars
Here we go.	Thanks
I believe I have found a faster way.	Hmmm
Having romance problems, Romeo?	Not with you
You want to get out of here?	What
When I die.  Is it gonna hurt?	I...I don't know
You the only sentry?	I work graveyard, swing and day all by my lonesome
I can't believe Tommy's still pissed at me. He knows I'm moving away, right?	He's been acting real strange lately. He won't even look me in the eyes anymore
I don't want my wife's soul having any doubts.	Doubts?  About what
Well then, does the defense have any witnesses?	I suppose I could find an inmate who'd say that Shu boasted about Chinatown just to survive in the joint -- though he didn't really do it..
Outside.	Sure
It's not quite that simple.  I've dealt with prisoners in my time, but this one—	Absurd!  All this fuss over a snip of a girl.  I'm going down to see her myself
I spoke to Dr. Argon this morning and he remains frustrated over the loss of the original nanobot.	I am aware of Dr. Argon's frustrations
I want to publish this. I've got to. I think they'll let me. With a little editorial guidance it could be brilliant.	Great. Between you and Officer Pupcik out there he can be the next Jean Genet. It's been awhile since somebody wrote a good book in jail
Isn't this your vehicle?	No, no. I just took it
Are you French?	No.  I'm from out of town.  I'm here on business
You mad at me?	Not mad
And no one's there now?	I don't think so
What about me?	You
I don't like her.	I do, she's real funny
The hoi polloi.  Doesn't it mean the herd?	"Precisely, Meeks. Greek for the herd. However, be warned that, when you say ""the hoi polloi"" you are actually saying the the herd.  Indicating that you too are ""hoi polloi."
Rose, who were those scoundrels in Birmingham?	Nobody
You don't remember being awakened? It looks like you were aware of someone.	Or something
What is this?	Let's go to the hospital
Quite sure you saw him in the hotel lobby?	Absolutely sure
Absinthe? You gave then absinthe?	No. Laudanum
Look at the way I live.	I've been trying to reach you all afternoon. You weren't in the shop. What is this thing tonight
What does that mean?	Something I heard someone say once
But, I don't like horses.  Do I have to get on one?	Eh, forget it.  What else is big?  Teenagers!  Jailbait pics!  Yeah... You got the juvenile delinquent, his girlfriend from the wrong side of the tracks -
You've been real good to me, too. It ain't ever'body that'd make biscuits in the middle of the night. You and that boy has give me a good feelin'.	We sure like havin' you
I'm fool enough to believe that one of these days somebody will. Somebody who wants me as I am will maybe walk into the place where I'm working and take me out of there.	Maybe they will
We're going to the morgue.	That area is currently off limits to anyone other than authorized medical personnel
What is his room number?	I don't know
Put it down or I'll shoot.	You wouldn't shoot me, would you
I talked to most of them this morning... They were all very curious about the meeting.	Good. Did you speak to our friend Mr. Carpenter
"Kept calling it ""murder"" when I did it."	Either way, figure it's something you can grab onto
Get out --	Oh, this one you love?  What about the first one, the one you fucked and then put into a rocket and blasted into space?  You didn't love her
This car will take me to Las Vegas. I cannot go back.	The police know about Lathrop Wells. We have to go another way. Come on
I'm becoming quite attached to Chauncey - quite attached...  ... And so are you, aren't you, Eve.	... Yes, I am, Ben
It's time to go home now.	No.  Please
Truman Capote.	I tear off the cover and paste this one on...  You know how it is
You're an attractive man.	You have a certain modest charm yourself
Hydrophobia...	Michael, take deep breaths
Married Boyd Aviation. He's no dummy, that's serious coin.	'Stanwyk's parents, Marvin and Velma Stanwyk, also of Provo, were unable to attend the wedding.
Me?	You will always
Yes, sir. That's the life, all right.	Put me down for Thursday again
Hey.	Kevin.  How's it going, what's happenin', family good, great, nice to catch up, get out
"Last July I dialed a wrong number and got a radio station by accident. They asked me what number means ""good luck"" in Jewish."	"Eighteen.  And it's ""Hebrew"""
Yes!	Very good! Oh yes! Now listen. I'm going to say some things to you and I want you to repeat them... um... I want you to say them back to me. Do you understand? I'm going to say some things to you and I want you to say them back to me. Do you understand
John even managed to lob a load of mashed potatoes into Mrs. Hallstrom's milk.	Finally. I was getting tired of watching him try every night
Jeffrey!!	Then these guys told me the police will find a huge amount of drugs inside the dead man's place
Do you think you'll find her?	Yeah, actually I do
We expect an attack on the Convention tomorrow morning, at daybreak, and I have been placed in charge of its defense.	What do you have in mind
There.	I beg your pardon
Approximately five years after we go into hibernation, the recovery vehicle will make rendezous with us and bring us back. Is this true?	That's tru
My birth sign is Water Bearer, twenty-fifth day in the month of Janus.	The exact month when the Emperor must be confirmed
And here. Here.	Lady, I can't. I can't. I ca
I can't imagine how it possibly could have come loose. I distinctly recall fastening it with all four bolts --	It must have been jarred loose during the whirlpool
I never saw him.  I don't think anyone saw him.	He said Wynant tried to steal an invention
If that punk and his pals decide to search ya, you'll never fool 'em carryin' it there.	What do we do
You are going after Mayor Bennett.	Let's just say I'm sending a very clear message to his Re—Election Rally..
He's not in, Sir.	Where is he
Ten flights?	You'd lose.  You'd die.  All over the sidewalk.  And into the street
But the island!	The Shark
So've I.  Too much.	But this is a bad one
Look, Will if you're not in love with me, you can say that.	I'm not sayin' I'm not in love with you
Cotter'll kill you.	He'll never know
Some of these guns are like toys, but a Smith and Wesson, man, you can hit somebody over the head with it and it will still come back dead on. Nothing beats quality.  You interested in an automatic?	I want a .32. Revolver. And a palm gun. That .22 there
Good.	Take...take a year.  Take six months.  Whatever you want.  Who knows?  Maybe you'll, maybe you'll be sitting with a good play
I *thought* I heard... Yes?	Uh--Jefferson Smith's residence
Cecile if there's one thing I'm great at it's love letters. With my help, he'll be eating out of the palm of your hand. Perhaps we can arrange a little get together for the two of you at my house.	You'd do that for me
I promise... I swear.	Did you make any change in this room
Your nose ring comes out of your nose. If you've got them in your nipples, they come out, too.  And there's no make-up at my house.  No glue sniffing.  Huffing. No pills, no grass.	If you hit me, I'll call the police
Anthony, give me the fucking gun!	No, Dignan. It's not your gun. It's all of ours
All night?	All night
I admire them.	I do, too
Wolf One -- say intentions.	I've got secondaries of an engine fire and I'll need to find a clear area to eject
Look.	I feel so <u>close</u> to you..
Well as a matter of --	I've been up country, you know my summer place, my camp. I don't even have a telephone there. This morning they sent a messenger out, that you'd been trying to call me
Cut 'em...	Now... I'm in ..
Why did you move the body, Doctor?	To place it inside its coffin
Clifton - your wife - do you think it's appropriate to leave her?	Appropriate
Shall we say five o'clock -- downstairs?	Where downstairs
Mav's a great flyer but....	He's a hell of a flyer. In fact, he's so damn good he might have been picked for Top Gun himself. Except for one thing.  He just can't seem to follow orders
Call me Frankie. And it looks like we're going nowhere.	Might be an accident on the West Side Highway
What was that? I'm sorry, I didn't catch it. Would you repeat it?	"I said: ""Are you gonna bark all day, dog, or are you gonna bite."
In the yellow ribbon.	...the Yellow Ribbon, but who, who'd profit from <u>that</u>..
No. Get in.	You can have one
They weren't loaded when I put them in there!	Funky little house, ain't it?  Friends, your hostess is now going to retire for what's left of the night. If you need me, I'll be in the bedroom upstairs -- but try and fight that need: the door'll be locked, I'll be trying to sleep, and if anyone so much as breathes in the keyhole, I'm gonna empty this thing into their fucking head. Thank you all for the bestest birthday a girl could have
I thought we were starting something... and then... I know it's unorthodox, I mean with you being involved in the case and all.	I just don't know if I should be dating anyone right now
I found out who Lucy Delaney is.  Remember the Delaneys from Hillcrest Road?	Yeah. But I thought she died
I'm sorry, but I don't seem to recall the occasion. No, I'm afraid ...	Well--then it must be my mistake.  I beg your pardon
Okay. I guess so.	Great. George is meeting Carlton first for drinks. We can meet and go together. It'll be a blast
My lawyers will be on the job in a little while, and I warn you people anything you print about me you've got to prove. Dad won't stand for--	Your dad has stood for plenty. Now let's get down to cases. When did you see the Dale girl last
What was the fight about?	Take a guess
That's more than you already owe me. What happens if you fuck this up?	Nothing ventured, nothing gained
He'll think something's wrong I ain't there.	He'll know you were smart enough to stay away, Boss
No.  I got lucky with the lights.	No.  You were right, I was wrong...  ...Max
What are you doing?	They're methodical.  They're nothing if they're not that
That's the building. She lives on the Seventh Floor. Don't stop to look long, the police are watching.	Where are they
C-18.	That's the magic number
Keep 'em coming.	Jimmy was one of the most feared gays in the city.  He was first locked up at eleven and was doing hits for mob bosses when he was sixteen. Hits never bothered him. It was business. But what he really loved to do was steal.  I mean, he actually enjoyed it.  Jimmy was the kind of guy who rooted for the bad guys in the movies.  He was one of the city's biggest hijackers. Clothes. Razor blades. Booze. Cigarettes. Shrimp and lobsters. Shrimp and lobsters were the best. They went fast
Uh huh, a boy, you've got a new brother.	Can I see him
Didn't you tell her?	I didn't tell anybody. I just went for a walk and happened to be passing by . . 
Well, you have CIA people all over the place.  Helms has seen to that.  Then there's Kissinger's staff. Kissinger himself, I believe, maybe the leaker.	Kissinger
I understand he was wounded in the lung.	It doesn't matter.  It's too late for all of us
That's me.	You're not Death.  You're just a kid in a jacket and a pair of pants
Damn it, Norman.  I swear.  I had a whole conversation with the man when he woke up.	This being after you so carefully fixed my suit
He ran out on me to be with you? Well fuck him!  Everything worked twice as good without him.  We didn't need him then and I don't need him now.	I'm sure he'll be heartbroken
"What a climax to the film - The first white men to set foot on ...  ""Skull Island""  Twentieth Century man comes face to face with a ... a ... naked stone age tribe!"	I tell you it doesn't exist
Your son has a very great talent. I don't think you are aware how great it is, but he is attempting to use that very talent against your will.	Well, he is a very willful boy
That guy knows you?	Yeah, uh. Mike. That's Mike
Your partner's through. Department scapegoat on the Chief's orders.  He's been billed, he'll be indicted and he'll swing.	Him and me both.  <u>Fucking Exley</u>
-- water! --	-- and your meat shall be de-boned
You could have stopped him.	Ya never tell a guy about a broad
Oh yes.  It's very nice + +  CUT TO BATTLEMENTS. THE TAUNTER  turns to some others. + +                              MAN +      I told him we already got one. + +  They all giggle. +	Well ... can we come up and have a look
...I'm sorry....?	...we were speaking of my <u>father</u>..
No, you're the best and I don't want you talking to anybody on the plane.	Dad already gave me this lecture. He's gonna meet me at the airport, then we'll go for some pizza, then we'll have dinner in bed with Shelly
Fine. You want to help Ricky, talk to Maxie yourself.	I feel weird asking him
I'm not sure where I can talk anymore.	What's wrong
What do you mean? I'm Ted Nelson.	And who IS Ted Nelson
Fishing?	Big game fishing.  Sonar torpedoes. Retirement gift from his friends at the CIA
Can't nobody read minds long distance. All he have to do is ask somebody.	Why? Why he have to ask? Can't nobody offer? What's going on? Since when a black man come to town have to sleep in the cellar like a dog?
Does he still love you?	It didn't come up
No sports if I don't keep a B average, no TV on school nights, no PDA's--	PDA
We gotta fight sometime.  Let us at least recruit our regimes to full strength.	No, I don't want to give Barzini an excuse to start fighting
Where is your head, Jerome?  You're acting like a guilty man.  They won't marry the eyelash to you.  They won't believe that one of their elite navigators could have suckered them for the last five years.	They'll recognize me
Listen you guys.  I'm the first plane -- then McCawley, Walker, the rest of you. I'll have the shortest run.  If I don't make it, you don't go.	Colonel...we're all going.  Whether you make it or not
He loved her.	Sure. And I'm supposed to believe that hitting the Taxi Service wasn't his ide
It was there.  This angry music all by itself.  And I heard whispering.	What kind of whispering
What's on your mind?	He doesn't belong on this mission. Responsible or not, he blames himself. He's too close to it.  And then there's his wife
Ernie Goose?  Cynthia?	That's the Loch Ness Monster.  And... Kay-- that's... 444-Eyes
He can still make it.	I know how alone you feel... alone in all that cold blackness... but I'm there in the dark with you, Bud you're not alone..
<i>More</i> than that.  You'll get used to it.	God, what <i>wouldn't</i> you do to leave the planet
You lost that one?	Wouldn't be here if I hadn't
And if I was, Mr. Garrison... do you think I would be here today... talking to somebody like you?	No, people like you don't have to, I guess - people like you walk between the raindrops
They suspended me for two days.	Are you okay
And Buddy was one of them.	We got that dedication tomorrow. This is a hell of a time to be draggin' up old business
Get going!	Uh... well, okay then.  You sound terrible.  I'll run out right now.  Just call the prescription in to the pharmacy.  Sure, no problem.  Bye
What?	You have no personality
Hey, Sisters.  Are you going in there?	You know it
Yes.	Did you want it to come out
Yes. Good luck, Mister McMurphy.	Thank you, ma'am
I know I am, Mom.	Here's your lunch. And an apple and banana for extra energy
What?	This thing just went up a degree.  Ice cream's not workin'
Two of them are still missing!	There's always deaths in these waters that never turn up.  Are they all shark victims
You look good--	--and that squeaker the Aggies dropped to Oklahoma-sonofabitch stepped in some lucky shit before he kicked that goal-
Good swell.	What, sir
What??	The minute the story broke I bundled her on the first Concord out of here. If Paris goes kablooey I want the best reporter I've got right there in the middle of it
Tomorrow, Gordon.	Watch this snow. It's coming down tonight
Oh, stop talking about yourself like you're a lush or something. I don't like it.  Maybe you ought to go to a clinic, get some treatments.	I'm getting treatments right here
Hi there...	Before you start picking your nose, I know he put you up to it
But how come I'd be there?	Maybe you're fed up, maybe you want to be by yourself -- who knows.  So you look down and see a tortoise.  It's crawling towards you..
Brady! Come with us.	Go
I’m really sorry you were not called...	You’re repeating yourself, Mrs De Moraes
I have to ask you for that key.	What, the setup didn't work so you want the key back
Ya sure?	Hey, screw ya brain on right. Now, who's this girl you're going out with tonight
Where the fuck is he?	He got up and walked
Water?  Yes, we have water, we have a little in our can, we have water in the radiator which can be drunk. Not at all cowardly, extremely practical.  Come on, come on!  There's also a plant - I've never seen it but I'm told you can cut a piece the size of a heart from this plant and the next day it will be filled with a delicious liquid.	Find that plant.  Cut out its heart
What are my choices?	About a hundred miles of nothing in each direction
I trust you.	Isn't there anything else I can do for you? Have you bought your ticket
I just want to know, that's all.	What difference does it make
Now, what was that?	"You're either having a seizure or you just said ""hello."
He says a dog bit his nose.	Arf... You gotta help me
You probably heard the wind stirring up those dead leaves over there.	I heard his voice as clear as day. I better get back. Maybe something is wrong
Carlos.  I still owe him two hundred bucks...	Kit, I left that money for you days ago
How ya doin' Dad?	Hey Jeff. I'm feelin' so much better
Charlie paid you off last night, didn't he?	I don't know what you mean
You're scared.	I'm not scared
I don't know, Bob.  I'm flattered and all, but I've got a kid, now.	So
Then everybody's in in the conspiracy?	Tsch
Mickey, you're wasting time!	I don't give a damn if a million United States marines, all whistling the halls of Montezuma, are gonna come marchin' down this alley any second. There ain't not fuckin' way in hell I'm leaving you. And that's that
We're taking the body back to Portland and there's not a thing you can do about it.	Maybe not a thing, but maybe two things
Is that absolutely necessary? It'll just make it a bigger story.	David, he signed an agreement that he wouldn't talk to the press and he's libeled me by saying I faked the figures. You're not going soft on me, are you
Wa-shee is like... a dumpling. Like tallow we put in stew. I think he was calling you chubby boy.	Great
I think you're full of shit.	Do you
No, but if I get any worse, you'll have to relieve me.	Just what I want to do
Look, a lot's been going on.  That's what I wanted to tell you guys about. I need to tell you.  You see... a while ago, I met this guy --	Oh my God you're having an affair
When I'm away, did you ever notice anythin' funny with her? Tell me the truth.	Jack, if there was anything funny, I would tell you
That I gotta see.	She still is. She doesn't want to get shot before she can tell you what happened
We'll see Father Frank in the morning. There's nothing to be done until then.	Alright, Maya.  We'll do it your way
Why didn't you ask him? Sol knows you!	But I don't know, Sol. I never heard of Sol. I'd just get in trouble. That's why we shouldn't go see about Diane Selwyn... it's better not to get in trouble
"Yeah, it was edited for TV. All the good stuff was cut out and I started thinking about us and how two years ago, we started off kinda hot and heavy, a nice solid ""R"" rating on our way to an NC17. And how things have changed and, lately, we're just sot of... edited for television."	So you thought you could sneak in my window and we would have a little bump-bump
My stuff's all over her apartment.	Bobby-
You going to be okay?	Go on, 'they're stahting.
Hurting.	My nerves... are beginning to work again
Give me a little credit for doing this face-to-face!  What I went through knowing I was going to do this to my mentor!  Can you get past yourself for a second?	You'll lose
Goosed!	Give me the Valium
But there may be a few around somewhere.	What makes you think so
He will be hurryin' and he will miss. That there is as fast as I can pull an' aim an' hit anythin' more'n ten feet away... unless it's a barn.	But... if he doesn't miss
I helped him cook the books, Ed. I did do that.	You don't have to tell them anything. We're getting you a lawyer
What?	Connie, don't hang up
I've go to accept that promotion to get behind this, haven't I?	Yes.  NO! You can't! You've only just turned it down
C'mon, man, just watch me, watch and listen --	Go. Hurry up. Let's go
He's going with you, Doctor.	No, it will be too much distraction.  I don't want that many people in the water.  I'll go in, give it a belly shot, and get out
You did that, didn't you...?	Talking to me dear...
This is a terrific entrance hall, What a welcoming feeling.	Isn't it
Allah be praised. And what battalions will you call upon?	I -- I will write to the press -- here -- and in England.  And I will use the courts
Oh, yes.	Tell him I won't be able to see him for a half an hour
The child of the king is... the king.  Louis!	No, not Louis
THE POWWOW SAFE! WHERE IS THE POWWOW SAFE!	What... Powwow..
Mm hmm.	Comin' in or goin' out
All my life!	Well done, Indy. Very well done, indeed. This will find a place of honor in our Spanish collection
What sort of references do you have?	Well, I do Barbara Rush
Nah.  I haven't dribbled a ball in four and a half months.  Maybe I miss some of the attention, but besides that...	You're serious
Inside, they were talking of you.	I can just imagine
It's very good.	Thank you; but it's missing something
I'll do it, Jake.	No way...
That's it, Bridge- we're all out!	One minute to warp core breach
Why isn't Ruiz coming?	This Welsh dude is tripping on Ruiz cause he's a Shot Caller
No.	I'm not making it up. I wouldn't know how. She'll be talking to me about something, nothing at all, and suddenly the words fade into silence and a cloud comes into her eyes and they go blank... and she is somewhere else, away from me... someone I don't know. I call to her and she doesn't hear. And then with a long sigh she is back, and looks at me brightly, and doesn't know she's been away... can't tell me where... or why..
Yes.	How old are you
That's cutting it closer than you know. What about team two?	No word since beam-in. We can only wait for their call
Alright.  The truth is... I thought we had something here.	I can't believe you did that
What, Sergeant?	Those eyes... disappeared. But I know one thing, Major...  ... I drew down and fired right at it. Capped-off two hundred rounds and then the Mini-gun; the full pack. Nothin'... nothin' on this earth could have lived... not at that range
Where is he?	Promised I'd turn my back while he... ah, never mind..
You okay ?	Fine..
I was in the middle of a melodramatic exit. It wouldn't really make a statement if I tiptoed out the door...What are you selling?	Bad news
But we have to before Monday.  To get our money ba...	Three business days.  They mean three business days
Hands on the wheel.  Ten and two o'clock, like they taught you in driver's ed.	Why
No, no, it's my fault -- we didn't have a proper introduction ---	Cameron
Why not? You're a good-looking girl. And I'm--- available.	Aren't you forgetting about Selena
-- Shhh.	What are you listening to
No, sir, I'm sure it wasn't there.	You used to go to Worth's place a whole lot. What makes you sure it wasn't there
He's completely innocent.	Innocent
What do you think about me movin' out here?  What's the matter? You got a problem with that?	No, of course not
Stop it! Stop it! JACKIE covers her ears and looks at him, pleading with her eyes. STARKS' eyes plead right back.	I'm sorry for upsetting you, [beat] but I'm not lying to you
I don't know how I could've missed you with that shirt on. It's the same as the other one you had only the hibiscus are a different color. Right?	So you didn't have the key with you
I have some friends who have had a accident--	You have somebody else out there
Sarah, I'm going to Kentucky to play pool, with a guy by the name of Findley. Now, I need the action and I need the money. I told you I'd be back.	If you were going to come back you wouldn't have taken me out tonight. You wouldn't have bought this dress. You're hustling me, Eddie. You've never stopped hustling me
You want me to let him in?	Of course, don’t be silly
Fine. How was the match? Did you loose?	No
What are you doing?	Terry's name should be on this wall
Come on, I live with the janitor. I have a key to every room in the school.	So could you get us into the principal's office
Hey. Bein' ballsy with your life now doesn't change what came before -- it's just stupid.	What, you think I'm doin' this to prove something
This is curious, Jason. Half the time you talk as if Shakespeare were not fit to tie your shoe—laces; now this sudden humility.	I should like people to read what I've written
Please, you're just as ambitious as I am, more --	Maybe that's the problem.  I want... a family, Ellie.  I want kids.  A townhouse on L street instead of still living like a college kid.  A real life.  Maybe that makes me a sellout but I don't care anymore. It's what I want
Or maybe it's Jeanne who's in a trap -- her own trap -- a downward spiral that she can't stop?	Did you come back to marry me or to insult me
Can you walk? Puedes caminar?	She say she in great pain
You tied the cord around its neck.	I wanted her to have it when no-one else was around, they would have taken the baby to a hospital and left it with them, but it was such a difficult birth, there was so much blood and I panicked
Please.	I won't let you have it
I know you.	You know my back
He told me about this.  You got this from Containment?	Yes.  This is from the twins, Arthur and Dashiel.  Agatha's stream was missing.  Now this one is from the cyberparlor.  Anderton downloaded it directly from Agatha. Watch..
No. I guess you're here for the backpack.	Oh... yeah
Almost there... are you in a hurry or something?	Well, yeah, kind of
His father's pretty fucked up with denial. Maybe he couldn't deal with the thought of an other accident... taking another son.	In Death..
How so?	Save you from a big mistake with that other guy
Aw, come on. You know you love me. You're a masochistic pain freak. You <u>gotta</u> love me.	I am not. And I don't gotta
You know rock-n-roll?  Darlin', I've been in the music industry for as long as you've lived.  I've seen things you can't even have nightmares about... but then I guess I'm just not equipped to know the industry the way you do...	Come again?  B.FL.D., I have sex with rock stars; it's not like I'm doing something that I don't enjoy with them, like shuffleboard. Don't worry about me, I practice safe sex and next summer, I'm going to U.C.L.A
Who are you, then?	I... I am Rheya.  But I am not the woman you loved ten years ago
What?	Every guy that I meet wants me for one thing my body.  You're not like that
Uh-huh.	Hon
Welcome to LesterCorp. May we meet your filing needs?	No, uh, my name is Craig Schwartz. I have an interview with Mr. Lester
Who died?	The Mission Director
I did. You said, things were fine.	I remember
I can't go any farther.	Yes you can. You're going to make it, Scully
Wait a minute -- I'm your brother and I don't know anything about this.	Is it someone we know
My son, why should you want all Vienna to believe you a murderer? Is that your penance? Is it?	No, Father. From now on no one will be able to speak of Mozart without thinking of me. Whenever they say Mozart with love, they'll have to say Salieri with loathing. And that's my immortality - at last! Our names will  be tied together for eternity - his in fame and mine in infamy. At least it's better than the total oblivion he'd planned for me, your merciful God
The only place I don't bring my drugs is church. And that ain't till Sunday morning.	Yo. I'll see you at that party.  I'll see you there
Simon, you've got to get dressed.	What I know is that as long as you keep your work zipped up around me, I don't give a fuck what or where you shove your show. Are we being neighbors for now
Music?	Yeah. Classical stuff -- scares the hell out of the slopes -- the boys love it
Right. Okay. Moving on.	You shot me right in the arm!  Why did-
Maybe if you'd have met who I am now, instead of the spoiled brat you met a few weeks ago, it would have been different between us.	Lacy. . . I . . 
Very much--	You've got lipstick all over you
Do you see the beast? Have you got it in you sights?	Clear enough, Moneypenny. This should present no significant problem
It's so... small.	Poor, tired, spinning girl... How we feasted on her.  And now that we've had our fill and given her a giant dose of the clap... we're pulling out.  That's Paris, where my daughter was born.  Moscow, where gangsters rule the night and I gave up smoking.  So many battles, so many lives... all that sturm, and drang.  As if it never happened.  If it weren't for a few power grids, you wouldn't know we existed
No, Carter.  I can't take this.	It's okay, I got lots more
I know her pretty well.  Maybe I could call her --	I've already solved it.  I've hired a hit man
You don't even know these guys.	Harry, I probably know 'em better than you do
"Hello, Laura. Hello Sarah. Where's my axe?  ""I'm hungry""."	Oh, Leland
Of course I forgive you.  I know what you feel for Danny is real.  And your choice is your choice.	That's what I have to tell you, Rafe.  It wasn't a choice.  It -
Yes, yes, the song.  So tell me...has it been...hell up here?	"""Hell up here?""  Honey, it's been hell up here, down there and over yonder! Hell everywhere"
All right. Loneliness.  Well -- separated. From other people. Forgotten.  Well, as if I can be here, I can go through the motions, right? But the truth is, I don't belong.	Don't belong
Keating said everybody took turns reading.  I don't want to do it.	God, you really have a problem, don't you?  How can it hurt you to read?  I mean isn't that what this is all about? Expressing yourself
You're a great architect, Albert.	Thank you
Nothing matters.	No use waiting, then
Me? You've got a whole lot of other folks signing up. Why me?	You fit the profile, Brother. You look exactly like the kind of nigger they think they can trust..
Have you looked outside?  Jellyfish. Everywhere.  I hate jellyfish.  Harry, what happened in the cafeteria?	Don't do this.  Don't psychoanalyze me.  I hate squid.  Period.  Just like you hate jellyfish
I never saw Agnes until she set foot in this convent. My sister ran away from home. We lost touch with her. And when my husband died and I came here, she wrote to me and asked me if I would take care of Agnes in case anything happened.	And Agnes' father
Would you like a drink now?	"No... no, thanks. A bit early in the day for spirits.  Well, I guess that about covers everything, doesn't it? I never married; I don't see much of the ""old college gang""; I'm a retired detective -- and you're in the shipbuilding business.  What's on your mind, Gavin"
Greedy.	He didn't want to lose any more
Yes'm, that was it.	Your pa tol' me you didn't ought to cross it if you're paroled. Says they'll send you up again
You want to come?	It's just that one of the few things I'm not confused about is what I was saying downstairs, that..
I'm Batman? I remember my life as Bruce Wayne.  But all this. It's like the life of a stranger.	Perhaps the fall..
This is insanity.  Sally...	Don't
I don't..	Speak to your friends for me, Jessica... please..
It's all there.	Spread it out
It'll be wonderful! I'll show you my old stomping grounds!	Terrific. Can't wait
Said what?	Serious. When a man gets to be my age that's the last word he ever wants to hear. I don't want to be serious -- and I especially don't want you to be
What about Janet?	That's over. I got tired of translating everything. She thought the Big Hopper was a hamburger
What was that you said about a pet shop?	...What
She brought my digestive enzymes.	In anticipation of making you sick
He's preaching.	These murders are his masterwork.  His sermon to all of us.  To all us sinners
It's good to see you. I'm sure you're curious about what I've been doing.	I spoke to your father the other day
Who told you about this?	Rucker
I was hoping I might be your friend.	My <u>friend</u>
How did you know?	It hit me like a ton of bricks
De Mille didn't have the heart to tell you.  None of us has had the heart.	That's a lie!  They want me, they want me!  I get letters every day
Yeah...You've fallen for her.	I told you, I have a feeling..
You know I didn't mind.  And it's not as if Ray's place is any better.	I'm sorry, but can we get this straight?  What is his fucking name, Ian or Ray?  What do you call him
Oh yeah?	Oh wait, you met him... remember that guy Josh? I'm like practically obsessed with him, but I can't do anything about it because Becky would freak out
Danny?!  Danny!	Mrs. Blankenship, have you seen the little boy who came in with me and -
Ruins. Not rocks. The remains of Trondham Abbey. Built on an intersection of Ley Lines, the boundaries between our world and the other --	What a load of crap. Hell, a week ago I hadn't even heard the word parabnormal -
I'm saying you might have consulted us; the contents of this message could be extremely sensitive...	You want to classify prime numbers
So I just heard her cries for help and all that, and when I went downstairs there were already those other people there, so I just stood around really, waiting -- you know how people do -- and then when your colleagues arrived I came back upstairs. And that's about all, I think. I didn't actually see anything useful, I don't think.	did you hear anything before he cries
My mate has been acting very strange.  I can't explain it.....but.  I haven't been feeling very well myself.  I don't know, maybe it's me.  I needed an SP9 last night.  I feel as if something odd were happening to me. Something....	Yes
Chow, chow, chow!  God damn it-- nutriment!	We're all going to have to go out for breakfast.  The cook quit yesterday
Yeah, heh heh. Umm, isn't Seattle in Washington? Heh heh... 'cuz I was thinking maybe we could go see Hole.	Yeah. We can go see Hole and then we can get some hole. Huh huh huh huh
There's something else too.	Uh, we both like to fish
So do you like your new room?	It's interesting
Can I ride one sometime...?	It's too dangerous...
I mean yes, I help people that need it...	I guess...some of them are probably faking
Then she throws forty thousand in here, to rub the shit in my face, know what I'm saying? She wants me to know she ripped me off.	I don't know. Either she has it or the Feds
Cut the horseplay, Harry. What's the matter with you guys?	And don't blame me if you all wind up in the cooler
He was an electrician?	No, he was talking about girls, I think
But it isn't bad weather now.	Better get home before it is
What do your friends call you?-- The ones that know you well?--and like you very much?	They call me Jeff
It'll never stick.	But we might just give it the 'ole college try.  What with the court back ups, it could be days before you got an arraignment. But then, I'm sure the flunk-out neice of the D.A. knows all about that
Then where is everybody? I say the plan became null and void once we found out we got a rat in the house. We ain't got the slightest fuckin' idea what happened to Mr. Blonde or Mr. Blue. They could both be dead or arrested. They could be sweatin' 'em, down at the station house right now. Yeah they don't know the names, but they can sing about this place. I mean, that could be happening right now. As we speak, the cops could be in their cars, drivin' here this minute.	I swear to god I'm fuckin' jinxed
This?  This is you only weapon? Your puny faith?	No..
I have your questionnaire here. It says you were never a member of the Nazi Party.	Absolutely not
Rio, Alex?  After all they've done to...Hey, these tickets are for Moscow!	Damn travel agency.  That Kremlin thing is in Moscow, isn't it
That's a reasonable assumption.	I don't want my wife's soul having any doubts
Kind of crept up on you, didn't it?	No. You drove us here
What if--	They've done it before. Takes maybe two minutes
I am not!	You're gonna be sorry if you don't stop that
You're on vacation, remember?  You're supposed to be relaxing.	I am relaxing
Mr. Marsh's Cardiologist and his nurse have told us that you accompanied Mr. Marsh to their office on at least two occasions.	That's correct -- but Andrew never told me he had a heart condition.  He said he had a heart arrhythmia and it was nothing serious
Oh God, mister, please leave me alone.	You're going to miss it. Pay attention
... to camera center no matter whose shot you're blocking...	Leadership...
And... ?	What and?  That's what I got
The hell you do.	The hell I don't
Evil is a point of view. God kills, indiscriminately, and so shall we. For no creatures under God are as we are, none so like him as ourselves.	Is God merciless? Greedy and cruel
Who are you?	Thomas Cavenaugh.  I am a teacher of sorts.  Like Romeriz I help those newly acquainted with our life
This is a fucking nightmare.	Right. Sure as hell some dope-dealing bomb freak is going to recognize you and put the word out that you're partying with a thousand cops
Or the F.B.I.?	Saks.  If he knew you did that! They're all asking me, 'what is she doing,' as it is
No, I gotta admit this is peculiar.  Did you have a light burning or something.	Yes, but the curtains were drawn
Of Joanne's?	Yeah.  I'm her father
Yeah, for the last time, I hope.  I'm done with this freak show.  I'm moving back to the real world.	"Is that what you call it?  ""<i>Real</i>"""
We got her mother's bed. You two got the rest.	We should get her out of here..
Life is true.	Life is real
She's awake.	We'll be quiet.  Quick and quiet
Why?	Well -- it's very comfortable -- just to drift here
Where did it go?	Run
What is that sup...	And what am I supposed to do with my life, huh? I am 28 years old! I work in a low-paying, low-status, zero-respect job which, unfortunately, I happen to fucking love.  How inconvenient
And your head is hot.	That's ridiculous
What would happen if I threw him into the core?	The same thing I suppose
We don't know.  Whoever they were, they were gone long before we ever got here.	The scale... it's just...  So all the civilizations you detect; they all end up coming here
He's at work while I'm here.	I guess I'd just be jealous if I were him
You can't!  We've come this far.  We must find them...	Why
How about tomorrow?	You're making my life difficult
He's got more brains and more guts in one corner of his asshole than any cop I've worked with.	Just cause you say it with conviction don't mean shit to me... How you gonna take to a pink slip, huh?
You got a Hall of Fame arm but you're pissing it away.	I ain't pissing nothing away--I got a Porsche already.  A 944 with A.C. and a quadraphonic Blaupunkt
Why don't you buy it, only forty bucks.	I have one, but they lost it
But boss, what about their parents?	Ah, the old and doddering.  I'm going to SCOURGE their puny minds, reducing them to ZOMBIE'S. And then I'll put them to work rebuilding my empire
Well, when do you get paid?	Soon as I finish the job
Oh -- you mean... worm?	No, that wasn't it..
Yeah. But just how're we goin' to make out? I got to get me a job.	You will
I know.  We asked him to keep it kind of surprise until we talked.  Look, how about we get in touch your agent.  You still with Jerry?	Yes, but..
Call, sir?	Don't lie to me. What's your name
I am not common Keith. I am not common. I am a creature like no other and I will not be commoned! Is that to much to ask?  Is that to much to ask!?!	You will not be common!!
My screwed up life shouldn't have to bleed onto my friends.	Let us decide that
Right before the wedding?	It's a bachelor party. You sort of have to do it before the wedding
Well done, Mr. Scott. How soon can we be ready for warp speed?	I'll have to re-energize
Don't you remember we-we-we discussed that thing that we were-	Thing
That's hard to believe. The two of you seem so different.	I would imagine that we are, now. I think I'm ready to use the bathroom, finally
I like it too.  It's a male myth about feminists that we hate sex. It can be a natural, zesty enterprise. But unfortunately there are some people--it is called satyriasis in men, nymphomania in women--who engage in it compulsively and without joy.	Oh, no
Out. It's the way out. So just keep it in your minds if ya ever wanna make use of it.	I don't believe it..
Also, I think I'm in love with you.	What, you mean as friends
What's this all about?	So have you seen hubby recently ELLEN
And that?	Pinot Grigio.  We're considering it for the appetizer
What time's sundown?	'Bout five minutes
Is this multiple choice?	Nine days – Tuesday 
I've got to get her out of here.	-- go ahead
Let me alone, will you?	No tears please. It's a waste of good suffering
It says here that some form of genetic damage has apparently prevented the Son'a from procreating...	No children
We are betraying the principles upon which the Federation was founded... this is an attack on the very soul of the Federation.  This will destroy the Ba'ku. Just as cultures have been destroyed in every other forced relocation throughout history.	We are only moving six hundred people, Jean-Luc
Yeah, well I like to think I'm just a little past hanging out on JP II watching the Irish pick fights and Litwalks barf in the planters.	I seem to remember some pretty good nights on JP II
Is she hooking?	Not yet. But the way things going, that boy gonna turn her out any day
You're trying to make me feel guilty.	I'm marrying your brother
Yes.	Good.  Suez was a minefield for both parties
Well, say. How 'bout springing a pack of cigarettes loose?	After breakfast, Mister McMurphy, after breakfast
Well, we all got to go sometime.	Yeah.  You never know who's going to be next.  Okay, Spats.  Report to the Sergeant- at-Arms
Have you seen him?	Alex, I don't have the time -
What's that?  Present from Faith?	No idea
Then tell me how.	First principles, Clarice. Simplicity. Read Marcus Aurelius. Of each particular thing, ask: What is it, in itself, what is its nature...? What does he do, this man you seek
Oh.  Er... well you're the file clerk.  You're hurrying into the next room, when you bump into Janet.	But what's our relationship?  Are we good friends, or is she just a casual acquaintance
I don't think I'm quite familiar with that phrase.	I'll explain. And I'll use small words so that you'll be sure to understand, you wart-hog-faced buffoon
Honest, Toby.  I just axed him for a quarter for the jukebox.	Stay out of this, Jenny.  We got man's business to take care of. I ain't never taken no drugs, mister, and ..
Doctor? Lawyer? CHINA Lawyer, Doctor, I don't care.	Yeah, yeah, O
Yes.	But I thought you'd hired a private investigator
I'll call you later and we'll get together and plan your curriculum.	Thanks.  Nice meeting you
Any sign of dangerous ionization?	No
Who are you?	My name is Kazim
Nostrovia.	La'chiem
You were the one that talked about moonbikes and called me a crank? Oh God, I <u>am</u>!  Make them some coffee.  Halloran, is it?  Investigator Goetz?  I had a crank call myself-- he said...  I thought it might be Daryll Lee Cullum.  I thought he might be out of prison.	Daryll Lee Cullum?  I don't think so.  If he's escaped we'd have the National Guard, cops'd be crawling through sewers.  You'd have a guard on your front door
I have a proposition.	You always do
All of my books are based on fact, or legend.  Thats perhaps why they're more interesting and sell in the top spots.	Well, fact or not, I don't see how we're going to find an ancient cemetery in these mountains tonight.  I can't see a thing!  Let's turn back
I don't think we have any alternative, Captain.	I see.  What do you think our alternatives are
Merlin! Out of the sick sleep at last.	Doing what I did for you, it wasn't easy, you know. It takes it's toll. It took nine moons to get back my strength
How much of this island have you explored?	I stayed pretty close to the compound, Figured if anyone came to look for me, that's where they'd start
Dear Mozart, my sincere congratulations.	Did you like it, then
-- Just doing our job.	It's a farce
Very....very!	Mother's going to help me with the invitations
I am King, d'Artagnan.  I will change my mind as I wish, and I will enjoy my banquet as I wish!	But I deployed the Royal Guards according to your previous -
We prefer to think of ourselves as unsung... I am the Blue Raja, Master of Silverware...	Wow
"""By the time you read this, we'll be long gone; bound for England or points beyond..."""	Tell him -- if he uncovers our whereabouts -- you'll slit your wrists with a razor, and I'll plunge a hat- pin through my heart
I know what you are feeling.  But this is not productive --	He was my only brother...my only family!  I want blood for my blood.  We search...now
Yeah.  I really admire the guy.  Well. Good to meet you.	Yeah.  Cheers, mate
He's coming to.	Let's get his clothes off quick
What's that?	Killing innocence, one way or the other
It's like...	You know what it's like. It's like when you really love someone, it's like awww
Isn't this all a little high-tech? I thought vampires were more into cobwebs and coffins.	You've been watching too much TV. They've got their claws sunk into everything -- finance, real estate, politics. Probably own half of Downtown
Ma'am, the pleasure is all mine.  James Whale.	I am such a goose.  I mistook you for Cecil Beaton.  It's the hat. You're wearing one of Cecil's hats, you know
Who was it?	It's Mom
He says this is their block.	As in, they own it
I had a dream that Grandma died.	Well, she is getting on, but she's fine. I told her you weren't feeling well yesterday. She called to find out how you are
I have a few people here, I can't really chat right now.	"""chat?"" Did you just say ""chat?"
About Charlie's leopard?	Yes
Yes?	I didn't want to bother you during your racquetball game
Why didn't you call me?	He didn't give me a chance.  Look, honey, don't get upset, but he's not taking your case
A week's a long time, friend. Anything can happen.  All of it bad.	He's right, Les
Every attempt to fight them has ended in failure.  Only a handful of men and women have ever crossed an agent and lived because they are everyone and they are no one. Unkillable.  But now I believe that is going to change.	How
Who was it?	She was real.  Where did she come from
I thought you'd never get here.	Hey, don't expect me to save you. Because I don't do that anymore
Soy sauce...	Right now
Is that all the coke in the place?	That's it
You tell me what you know about him. I'll tell you whether you're right or not.	Let's get straight who we've talking about.  Are you the man I'm interested in
And you think it's in there?	Accumulated evil... festering for decades...  But I'm a drunk... so don't listen to me
You sure?	I'm sure
I'm not.	You just going to sit there
You've been all through that with Lloyd-	The playwright doesn't make the performance - and it doesn't just happen! And this one didn't - full of fire and music and whatnot, it was carefully rehearsed I have no doubt, over and over, full of those Bill Sampson touches
My name is Miss Ho Kym.  Day-Day just trying to be a smart ass.  Nice to meet you, Craig.  Are you 'bout it, 'bout it?	Excuse me
What's your name, boy?	Walter Livesy
You know Ruby is in Attica?	He didn't have my lawyer
Wanted to say goodbye to him...	Hey, we got seed money for the startup! A million-five
Adele... are you serious?	You think Early's bad to me, don't you
Call the police?	Instantly
Do you need some money? Some extra clothes?	Not a penny, not a stitch. I'm cool, man
Three-one-zero, aye!	Uhura, scan for the whales. 401 megahertz
Actually, I already work for you. Or did.  Your arboreal preservation project in South America.	We cut our support.  A conflict of ideologies.  Dr. Woodrue was a lunatic
No. It had nothing on this afternoon.	Oh, you weren't scared
Well you can understand why we didn't say anything.  If word got out that we had a track on the money it would only work against us.	Well yes I understand that, we don't want them high-tailing it out of here
Preach! Go down and get me some White Tavern whisky, a glass, and some ice.	Preacher! Go on down and get me some bourbon. J. T. S. Brown. No ice, no glass
You called it in?	I'm sorry
Now don't get carried away-	- shows up for an audition when everyone knew I'd be here... and gives a performance! Out of nowhere - gives a performance
Have you got a pencil?	What? Oh, yes, certainly
One drink minimum per show. Everything's ten dollars. Now... tell me what you want or I'll eighty- six you.	Water
Postpone. We have every right.	Too late. All the elements are in place. Delay the opening and we lose the theater
You want --	Not you. I want Ricky to answer
Oh yeah, he's alive.  Technically.	And you have him
Your wheel, Dude!  I'm rolling out!	What the fuck
There was a faction pulling for that boy who was killed in the Gulf War-- Ruben--	--Santiago
COME ON!	HELLLLLLLLP!
Maybe.	Well. I'm sorry, sir, but we've got to ask you for it
Well he's a little fucking agitated -- he ripped the phone out.	I have to go face to face
All right, I will, I will.	Listen to me very carefully. There are three ways of doing things around here. The right way, the wrong way, and the way I do it. You understand
What did you say?	Ceida Pietraszkiewicz...P...I...E... T...R...A...S...Z...K...I...E...W... I...C...Z
Shit. We're still putting the victim list together. You'll need a forklift for the case file. I suggest you hire some help, and don't expect to get a lot of sleep for the next few months.  You're about to defend the most notorious serial killer in American history.	I thought that was Ted Bundy
That's very nice. Thank you. Thank you for saying that.  You're friends with my sister?	Yeah
And I'm still just a lad myself.	Don't bother to grow up. It's no fun at all
off the peg?	Yes it is ... may I introduce you To Bern ..
But if they <u>do</u>?	I don't know
It was the only way I could get the movie made!	Who do you think's been paying the rent?!  Who helped type your script, and did all your grunt work?
How'd you know?	Everybody's a doctor around here. This apartment house is all green pajamas and slippers.  The guy I'm waiting for to vacate is a doctor. What kind of doctor
You're going to the Soho Grand hotel, right?	I'm not sure. All I know is the account is Cardiff Giant
Wait. When are you going to tell them?	Tell them? About..
A girl of some spirit, your daughter.	A match for your son, I think
The tear is closing on us... impact in fifteen seconds...	Eject the core
His best friend is killed in a duel by Ethel's brother or something. His name is Mercutio.	Mercutio…good name
Ready for number three?	Let's go
It was my ass that almost got trashed!	He was trying to kill me, not you
No, I'm just gonna walk around.	Alright
Oh, don't go.	I'm engaged for the evening
You can't love him.	I don't
What makes you so sure?	It's a rule. Always stand by your first count. The odds are you're right
Underwear?	Always
Shall we summon the writer? He's in Paris I believe.	Hiding
Um, he stopped by yesterday before you came over.	Why didn't you tell me? You said you hadn't seen him for a month
Oh, my God, look at her!	Get a rope
God damn you Gale Weathers! Don't you see? The killer is choosing  his victims as they die in the script! Ben Damon's character was the first one to get offed. So was his girlfriend - but she wasn't cast yet so his real girlfriend was killed - then Sarah Darling's Candy, and now me!	Wait a second, whoa! Calm down! Number one there were five different versions of the script given out. Ben Damon was given a fake script because he was only being offered the role. It only had fragments of real scenes from the actual script. And what, I die in STAB 3
Yes, sir, I sure am gonna enjoy my stay here.	I'm sure you will
Ask him.	We will if we can and if we can't, we'll come back and ask you again and again
No...	Did God forbid you to tell the truth
You're a couple o' sticks shy in your column, Ann.	A big, rich slob like D. B. Norton buys a paper—and forty heads are chopped off
Artie! Artie!	We can't help him if 
Uh-huh.	A real live pimp
I must be gone and live, or stay and die.	That light is not daylight, I know it, I. It is some meteor that the sun exhales to light thee on thy way to Mantua. Therefore stay yet. Thou needest not be gone
I think so... What about you?	Me? Sure. Why
Yeah...	And a leader. Didn't she meet Castro on foreign exchange
I'll do it, J.J. - don't get me wrong - in for a penny, in for a pound.  I'll see it through, but stop beating me around the head. Let me make a living!	What you promised - do it!  Don't finagle around.  It's later than you think
Really, I feel fine, sir.	Farewell, Concorde
Welcome to the party. It's so nice to see all of you here.	Hey, that's Dad's throne! How did Adrian get that? Is Dad okay
Who are you?	So you can talk.  I'm Dr. Zira's nephew. This abduction was her idea. You're not really going to the zoo. That's just our cover story in case we're stopped.  Although I do feel that if it ever came down to a question of whether something like you should be public or private property -
Enjoying the tour so far?	Are you going to kill us
Ummmmmmmmmmmmm.	Of all people.  Now say the truth. Do I look like Che Guevara.  C'mon
I don't know, sir. I don't follow political issues much.	There must be something..
It's more like a date.	It's a long way to go for a date
Patchett's dead.  He sent you after me.  I'd say Dudley's tying up his loose ends.	<u>Lynn</u>
Rob, hi, so sorry I missed your call. In LA on business.  You know how it gets.	Yeah, sure..
I think his leg is broken.	Oh, Jabez
25% discount on the load.	Make it 40%
For the last time, I have no idea what you're talking about --	Get your hands away from the desk
I'm sorry, I'm not.  I'm just another guy.  Morpheus is the one that matters.	No, Neo.  That's not true.  It can't be true
Wow, this is the coolest thing, like you really eat and sleep here?	Uh huh
Is it dead?	Yeah, Bwana, you got it
Thanks.	Begin main sequence. Mark at 10-9-8- 7-6-5-4-3-2-1-drop
Federal Bureau of Investigation.	I need to speak with an Agent Lowry
Jeanne... what are you doing?	Playing..
Your phone number?	In case you need me to testify about the shooting. They'll clear you
Does he have to stay here over night?	Absolutely
Is that bug juice, or are you just glad to see me?	Sorry. I'm still getting the hang of this
Cute.  He was inside for about 20 minutes.  The other guy, Roach, waited in the truck.  They were scoping it out, right?!	Yeah, or cashing a check
WHAT?! How can you --  I'm sorry if my friendship with Tom bothers you so much, but I happen to value having someone to talk to, especially when my own daughter ignores me night and day because no matter what I say, it's wrong and no matter what I do, it's wrong... I'm sorry I'm such a disappointment to you.	Well, now you know what it feels like
Hey, you!  Better get outa here!	I'm looking for some Pacific-Tech professors..
Corridor A.	Take a left and your next right
How do I know that's her?	I'll bring her in.  You let them go, and I'll bring her in
WHAT!! She was dying!	It was a miracle
Just soda.	Plain soda
Not my birthday again?	You're only six-five once
What happened to boxing? I thought we made a vow.	Shit. Who we kidding? I know I suck, and I held you up for ten rounds -
How does it feel to have a wacko for a son?	It feels wonderful
Stop him! Stop him! A leg is stuck out and Alex goes down. The tramp swarm all over him.	They laughed at me blood and me moans. This murderous young pig is a prize specimen of the cowardly brutal young. He is in our midst and at our mercy. Give it to him. That's it. Old Tramps begin to beat at Alex
You were the anesthesiologist at her delivery May twelfth, nineteen seventy...	...I was one of a group of..
Me and my real estate? How  many other girls, Miss Teschmacher, are lucky enough to have a Park Avenue address like this?	It isn't a Park Avenue address. really
Yeah - Josephine.	Will she be surprised. I just can't wait to see her face 
Then so was mine...	Don't you pull that shit with me
It's not safe, they say.  The doctors say it isn't possible to go deeper and live.  Free diving is over as a sport.	You say that because you have the title
You know, I make the questions and he does the answers.	Oh, Captain Howdy...
She thinks you went to the police.	WHAT?!  That's insane!!!  Why would I go to the police
No.	It's very good.  I understand you won the Booker Prize
So make an exception.	No
But nightmares are the common thread?	"Right.  They seem to share a group delusion,  a ""boogeyman"" for lack of a better word.  They're so traumatized, they'll do anything not to sleep"
I've gotta...I've gotta...return some videotapes.	Patrick
Fifty minutes.	Not much time to solve the crime. Tell me, detective, how did it feel taking blood money from Guissepe Torres? Did it weigh on your conscience or did you just not think about it
Aren't they?  Now look at this one, Mrs. Voss, and --	Stop calling me that! Lampert's the name on the marriage license
You saved me.	I saved you because I love you, Nick.  Why'd you save me
Hello, Aunt Theresa.	Hello, Thomas
Hey.	Oh, hello
No!  Dr. Frankenstein always kept that separate.	May I have it, please
Nice looking kid. Going to be okay?	He'll live if that's what you mean. But somebody better be around when he comes to and finds out there's nothing left between his legs
Then perhaps you need to know me.	Don, I'd be honored
What about her? Would you go out with her?	I don't know, what kind of question is that? I mean it's totally irrelevant because a girl like that would never be caught dead with me..
Is there any chance a single aircraft can penetrate the entire enemy Air Defense, when its course and target are known?	If I can speak freely, sir -- look, these guys talk big, but frankly, we think they're short of know-how.  You can't just take a bunch of ignorant peasants and expect them to understand a machine like one of our boys, and I don't mean that as an insult, Mister Ambassador.  Hell, we all know what kind of guts your people have.  Why just look how many millions of 'em those Nazis  killed and, hell, they still wouldn't quit
Hey, she's still a smart ass, excellent sign.  Did you see any sugar in here?  Any candy bars, anything sweet?	Huh uh
English weather. You know, after all we've been through, I should say we deserve a long holiday ...	Have you any place in mind
For now. Alright, you better be. And Sandy better not be involved with this, I can tell you. Be prepared to come in for further interrogation on this later.	Yes sir
Hmm.  So, Del get that car he sold you up and running yet?	Oh, yeah, he's got things up and running, alright..
I wouldn't worry about it--it'll turn up--  How about a nightcap, Inspector?	No, thanks--I'll take a walk around the deck and then turn in-
I'm just saying.	Why you gotta. We were gonna give you a ride someplace, man. Now I just don't know
The guy was history when he killed Kelly.  You knew that.	But then you knew what he was like all along... Maybe his killing Kelly was a thing you had counted on..
It's an unfair advantage.	You've got Cal.  You've got Gina.  You've got Skye?  We're the leftovers
It may be Lilly, but it isn't suicide.	Do you have any particular reason to say that
Wow.	Yeah
"I think... about... ""Who's the Boss?"""	Who is the boss
Anybody home?	As a matter of fact-
Then Grammoo said on Christmas Eve, there was this sickening smell permeating the entire house.	Oh no
... That's what he's here for, isn't he?	"Listen to her!  ""That's what he's here for""!  He's here to loose, that's what he's here for.  First of all, I'm unbeatable.  Second, how old are you"
These plant fibers are loaded with hormones!	What kind of hormones
Stupid yourself.	No. Unlucky. I have not been lucky
Alvy.	Oh, hi, Duane, how's it goin'
I know David - a strange character.	He's been in trouble before.  Used to be a hot shot pilot for Eastern Airlines, but he got canned after an alleged homosexual incident with a 14-year old boy
The fact is, that the milk has been spilled and now we need you to tell us how to clean it up.	Cleaned up?  It can't be cleaned up! Without the nanobot the waste can't be stabilized!  That's what we've been trying to tell you!  The only thing we can do is run!  Run!  Run
Rowan Mayfair.	Sut McKinley.  Marry me
Drive.	We're not gonna hurt you
He's nervous, sir.  He's heard you're looking for a new director.	Well, he certainly isn't acting like it
Ew, look at this...	Gross
Woa, dude, who's your girlfriend's new guy?	She's not my girlfriend, dude
We... we would try several things. But I need to see you a lot.	I don't know. I barely made it today
Look... why don't you get into the water... you need it... more than I do.	I'm fine...  See you..
You want the red or the white?	Pour it in your ear
I've got to go.	Is anything wrong? You look a little shaken up
Thank you for coming, Dick.	Winning
We must be right over the colony. Let's get some air support, eh ?	Yes, sir ! Fleet, this is Roughneck patrol, over ...
I can see that.	I mean, look how different he looks just since high school.  It's bad enough I have to get old, but doin' it with Darryl around is only gonna make it worse.  I mean, I don't think he's gonna be very nice about it
Oh --	Someone has hurt her -- someone has just about broken her heart
Yeah, I know, I went back and forth on it.	I liked it.  He's not afraid to be human
And finally, they're not human beings, you know. Their intelligence has in no way been proven comparable to ours --	I don't know about you, but my compassion for someone is not limited to my estimate of their intelligence.  I mean whales may not have painted the Mona Lisa or invented the dirt bike but they didn't ravish the land either
Merlin, tell me. Now that Guenevere is returned to me...	What is it my child
No onions though, okay?	No onions
I've changed my mind.  That's the most romantic thing I've ever heard. I do.  I will.	Shut up.  I'm only trying to explain
It's a thousand years old -- we just need a crowbar or something to get leverage -- the sucker'll pop!	No prob: I'll just hop down the hardware store -
Atrocious Torture.  Hit of the Season, you want, I know a guy can get you a ticket.	...are they hard to get
You know who the mayor was?	No
--Half-red, half-black--	--That edge
Would it make you anymore amusing?	Whatever you say
What kind of assignment is that?	Bottom line: I don't want some Chung King Cop getting his head blown off and turning this operation into a international incident
... How could I what?	Oh, come on, Bill.  Don't patronize me.   I'm not one of your little...  Turn around.  I'm talking to you!... Turnaround
We're not sure. She's been to all kinds of doctors in the city and they've said different things. Some of 'em are callin' it --  -- Epstein-Barr virus, and the rest are callin' it... Chronic Fatigue Symptom...	Syndrome... Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
...Gotta go...	Sure
Cigarette, Miss Schmidt?	Thank you
Andy?... What? What is it?  Andy... are you okay?	It was you... That night in the tunnels. You. You did this to me
"This ""super"" man is nothing of the kind. I have discovered his weakness."	Yes
Well he's handsome and he's Charming.  He's all right.  For Now.  Don't say it, I know, I'm Rotten.  I can't help it.  I've Tried to be good but it's too Boring.	The way you talk.  Never heard a Woman talk like that
I am to take command of Major General Lafayette's division and lead the attack.	Lafayette will not be happy..
You were him last night, weren't you?	Yes
Oh.	Look, now, Charlie, give me a big laugh here
If you....if you go back on sedation, you won't feel the same way about me.  You'll report me for drug evasion.	I've got a slip movement to install on my next shift.  I'll never make it the way I am now
Sal?  What's that for?  Salvatore?	Sal.  He's the killer.  We're Vietnam veterans so killing don't mean anything to us, you understand
Where's the story? I bluffed it out with a few notions of my own. It's really just a springboard. It needs work.	I was afraid of that
For God's sake, leave him alone, Dad.	Yeah, don't make me cite you for harassment
Ask anybody around here. As a matter of fact, when it's time for me to go -- and I may go just like that --  -- I have promised my body to the Columbia Medical Center.	Gee. Sort of gives you goose-bumps just to think about it
Yeah, but when they went off people weren't making fun of them. They weren't bozos! I'm Pumpkin Ass again!	Ed -
I'm really sorry that I hurt you, Brian.	I'm happy here, where I'm supposed to be.  But if you ever become a Catholic, may I ask you a favor, Maggie
Yeah!...I'm goin' to the beach for the first day in fifteen years. Gonna take the day off and go to the beach.	I can dig it.  It's gonna be HOT as a motherfucker
I wish you were still working for me, so I could ask you to resign. How're ya fixed for cavalry?	I've gotta five thousand men but no horses
No. Kissing and hugging, okay, but if it's actual sex they have to cut away.	At what point
I'm really sorry...	It's terrible.  People won't even return my calls.  It's like I don't exist
I don't have the slightest idea.	Well, you just keep thinkin' of that gun next to Kate's temple
We can live in a hacienda.	I wanna get a job.  I wanna work at Club Med
-- the sorrow --	I command you
The fastest in the world.	I know where to find him... He lies out on the marsh, raven-fodder; his horn torn from his head
She said you were very beautiful.	Really
Well...I needed to find you.  We are gonna have to practice that song.	...okay.  Cool then.  I'm um, I'm glad you came by.  I mean, really
Adhara.  I told your father, if you're looking for a name, you can't go wrong with a constellation.	I used to hate it.  Now I like it
A .357.	Very good. My .357. Use it and no one can trace it to you. The room will be in some disarray
What do you really think?	These guys are shitting bricks cause they're no longer on the top of the food chain.  They're going to fuck us the first chance they get
You sure are hung up on people bein' sweet.  Speakin' of which, where's your girlfriend? I thought he was comin' by here for something.	He'll be here in a little while, he's takin' me to get an ice cream
I'm in a hurry, gonna see this great group record at Woodland.	I mean, Mr. Green was so nice to me. He took me in and..
Really! Still, it remains to be seen why she invented a shark. What was her purpose in that?	Maybe you'd better ask him
I'm gonna leave now.	If I wasn't a righteous Black man you'd be in serious trouble. SERIOUS
I didn't turn her into Mother. You did.	This person and I are a thing of the total past. I promise you
Get on with it then.	Sometime after 1:00 a guy's gonna call here and give you the name of a horse.  All you do is take this two grand across the street to Shaw's place and bet it on that pony.  There's nothin' to it, but don't take too much time.  We only have 3 or 4 minutes after you get the call
You've never once said anything even remotely nice to me.	You make me nervous! I always feel like you're going out of your way to make me feel uncomfortable so you can laugh at me
What?	I asked you my name.  You just saw my commission slip.  What's my fucking name
Pardon me, but why must I do you a favor?	Then let's call it a business proposition. Something to round out your salary
Come on, pal! It was a compliment! You'da done the same if you had the equipment!	THAT DOES IT! BACK IN THE PACK
What is it?	It's a sun dress
Why?	I mean, I couldn't do that in front of John, even
The Blood Tide. Our long-prophesied holy war against the humans. There's a force, you see -- a spirit that exists in our blood. I've discovered a way to invoke it.	LaMagra -
I told you, Nick. Remember?	Tell me again
I'm right with you, man.  He's got the heart of a lion.  Hey, how 'bout the first game of the Series?	Yeah.  It was all over after Buford nailed Seaver's first pitch outta the park
Been punished, yeah?	I've been cured
That would be one point of view.	Yeah, well, it's not a point of view that A.T.F. shares. Once we make it evidence, it belongs to us. You are now officially out of trouble. Don't do nothing stupid, now
You didn't tell anyone where you were?	An oversight, sir, I apologize. I felt I needed to get away for a day. The pressure. Paid for my own ticket
God, that sounds so familiar. Ravell, Ravell... where's he out of?	I'm not sure now. She said he used to be over at Loma Vista. I never heard of it
Don't worry about it.	You know, I'm feeling a lot of hostility from you
Why not?	Because it's the last thing in the world we need right now
No gas.	I know
If you do anything funny, or try to talk to anyone, I'll kill you, Dyle -- here and now. Okay?	You'll wreck your raincoat
Who did this?	Stu. That was right about the time we met
I wasn't too old when I started the course. I was too old when it finished.	What are you going to be then
No, but if you're nice I'll let you buy me a Slurpee. You know your 7-11speak pretty well.	I've been moved around all my life; Dallas, Baton Rouge, Vegas, Sherwood Ohio, there's always a 7-11. Any town, any time, I can pop a Ham and Cheese in the microwave and feast on a Big Wheel. Keeps me sane
How someone strong like you scared from a message? Is good news I sure!	The last two messages I got?  The first one was from my wife telling me she was leaving! And the second was from my lawyer telling me he was leaving too... with my wife
Dickie, Dickie Greenleaf. Hello.	Hello
Happy to meet you, Mrs. Rilke.	Oh, call me Ida.  To what do we owe the pleasure
Why don't you leave that crate and come with us?	I have a promise I have to keep first... to an old friend
Probably.	He lives on 76th
Jesus.	Don't touch her. Call 911
I'll give notice.	Don't rush into it -- we may need the income
You want to take a walk with me?	Where to
Grand Marnier.	Sounds like a french word, what is it
Excuse me?	You were going to ask about my nose.  The poor animal is slated to be destroyed today
What?	The veronal -- you. I'm going to stay here with you
You stole this truck!	I did not steal this truck
The professor and Dr. Emilio Lizardo were actually the first to discover the Eighth Dimension.  Almost fifty years ago.  Before Buckaroo's parents even knew each other.  But there was trouble, a rocket catapult failed and Dr. Lizardo got sucked half in, half out...when they hauled him back ,he wasn't the same guy.  His hair was orange...	And his soul black as the Ace of Spades
Be friends?	Yeah.  With potential
I joined this convent some thirty years ago.  At that time, the world knew some measure of peace.  And hope.  Our order was a beacon of hospitality, to families, to children, to a neighborhood filled with promise.  And, as the years have passed, I have watched that promise destroyed.  Drugs.  Gangs.  Spandex.  And. so I have made this convent an oasis, a retreat from horror. And now that horror has invaded these sacred walls.	Are you talking about me
Permanently disrupted?  Aren't you selling paintings now for quite a lot of money?  Hasn't this 'incident' as you call it, jump started your career as an artist?	Look, I'm in here.  You call this a career move
You have to have an employment certificate to work for one of the German firms in the ghetto, otherwise...	Otherwise what
Why?	Come here
"It would make me feel like a human being instead of a cynical, hardbitten newswoman.  Besides it wouldn't be a bad story, would it, ""Newswoman Saves Suicide?"""	Unprofessional
This conversation took place, incidentally, about three months before Harold was declared legally dead.	When Harold is definitely out of the picture, Penelope, when I don't have to worry about doing him wrong or you wrong or Paul wrong.  I'm going to ask you to be my wife
Nope. I was right.	Wanna bet
Excuse me, but have you been here all day?	What
You must believe me.  You must come with me while there's still time.	Time to do what
Is there anything that can stop it?	Yes..thank God.
Yes,  She's a little odd, I understand.	But quite harmless, I'm sure
Jerry, I talked to you about the habits of an ordinary wild leopard. This leopard is another matter entirely - - a caged animal travelling around with Charlie How Come for years and years.. That's why it kills human beings.	Why
Hey, Poldek, how's it going?  You know about the list?  You're on it.	Of course I'm on it
Just a lot of crazy shit.	Yeah
Or you could just wait a couple months. It's not like the baby's going to storm in here any second and demand dessert-colored walls.	"What to Expect says that readying the baby's room is an important process for women. It's called ""nesting."
What John Doe?	The one we hire for the job, you lunkhead
Baghdad.	What's in the other direction
...nobody interfered with the fuckin' skim.	Hey
These guys came by to help me try out some of my new organic recipes.	Oh..
He asked me again about you and the Jew's wife.	Walk, walk, walk. What'd you say
Stop right there.	Don't be a fool. You're outnumbered and outgunned
Kirk! Kirk, you are still alive -- my old friend...	Still, 'old friend.' You've managed to kill just about everyone else, but like a poor marksman, you keep missing the target
Now when I see him with Shelly, sometimes he seems like the old Harry.	My Dad was funny
Still, you can't just write her off.	Yeah? And what else am I supposed to do? There's no baby anymore, and if she wants to throw away her life, that's her business
What the hell...	Kids' game a couple galaxies over
On whose authority, Corporal ?	This would be mine, sir. Acting Sergeant John Rico. I've assumed command on this mission
Yeah invitations, you know a pretty white piece of paper with your name on it.	Well we have got about a hundred thousand pretty pieces of paper with the Queen on it. Will that do
Jesus, you're caustic.	I had to bring you down from that cloud you were floating on. When I say I don't want to get married, I mean just that. I don't want to marry anybody. Not for years
... Thank you.	Unfortunate, but I think we can work around it
Lillian!	Where's Jill
Capades? They don't do it. Mittens? Outlawed. Why?	We're aware of your position
It's in the watch. He lead us on that chase while Dieter brought the chip into Hong Kong.	And Dieter
Here's the card?	When was they here
Yeah, it's called Glades Correctional Institution and I'm sure as shit not going back there or any place like it.	You might not have a choice
In Detroit. This weekend.	Tell them that's impossible. I need my normal lead time
The final act? Well let's play asshole!	No. We play in my court this time. Come to Hollywood. STAB 3's going to cutting corners cast-wise.  And I've got my eyes set on a technical advisor named Dewey Rielly
I just wanted a little sip.	I just wanted a little sip? Tell me, James, exactly what point was it that you turned into Serpent Boy
Because I don't have to.  The people who live there checked it out years ago and they never reported and 'hostile organism' or alien ship.  And by the way, they call it Acheron now.	What are you talking about. What people
Don't be foolish. If it's true, they'll have to accept it.	No, they won't 
I don't know how to run a newspaper, Mr. Thatcher.  I just try everything I can think of.	"""Enemy Armada Off Jersey Coast.""  You know you haven't the slightest proof that this - this armada - is off the Jersey Coast"
No. She asked about the trademark.	What did she want to know
What's she doing here?	Who
Missed 'em Dan.  You're aiming high!	I don't want to take 'em out.  Just want to keep 'em interested
I presume it's a sword.	A claymore to be exact.  You wouldn't know anything about it would you
No.	They haven't done the standard scratch test. Where they make small injections into the skin
--jeeeeeeeeesus--	--to become President Nixon's campaign manager on March 1, Mitchell personally approved withdrawals from the fund-
Not the same.	What about that family in '31
You come back after being gone almost a year, and you expect me to just leave...  This was <u>our</u> home, now it's <u>my</u> home.  I can't leave.  You can stay with me, and believe me, I want you to, but to just take off for the wrong reasons, I can't do it.  And you shouldn't either.	Like I said, I can't turn it off
You come in here at least three times a day.  You a retard?  A buck fifty.	Damn, Sal, put some more cheese on that motherfucker
Why don't I feel like celebrating?	Cause all of a sudden you got no one you can fucking brown nose anymore
And you?  Still a pig.  Just a much fatter one.	No reason to get nasty.  Yeah, I've stayed in the organization.  But then again I never got the percentage you did
110%.  That's my final offer.  I'm not kidding.  That's how much it means to me not to hear you play.	We're not as bad as you think, Rob
Whatsa matter with you?	You're very smart, Joey, very smart. Nobody gives me a straight answer around here. You're givin' me these answers, but you still didn't answer my question. Did you fuck Vickie
Thanks for taking care of this for me.	Tell me something, Wes.  Are you crazy, greedy, or just stupid?  Jaeger says you're crazy
You come and visit.	Where did you send the message to Peter Kurten
triple three, triple three! easy.....	Drug evasion with assorted perversion
Best thing is, Meyerling has to chase around to find us.	The little creep hates it that Eric actually does what the company hired him to do
You okay?	Peachy
I'm sure you're not going crazy.	Kevin, I'm telling you... it was like nothing I've..
Without calling me?	In a hurry
Can I put these here for tonight?	In there's better.  It's kind of romantic, don't you think
You remind me so much of Nathan.	Like father, like son
Elaine, she doesn't have any children!  Don't you see?  We're being held hostage by 12 men and 5 women who someone somewhere has decreed are the A-list.	The public decides who's on that list
Hairy ?	I mean it's hairy -- they got some pretty heavy ordnance, boy -- I've lost a few recon ships in there now and again
You could say that. And Friedman left this morning for Los Angeles.	Who is Friedman
I'm not interested in your book. I'm talking about the Building and Loan.	I know very well what you're talking about. You're talking about something you can't get your fingers on, and it's galling you. That's what you're talking about, I know.  Well, I've said too much. I . . . You're the Board here. You do what you want with this thing. Just one thing more, though. This town needs this measly one-horse institution if only to have some place where people can come without crawling to Potter. Come on, Uncle Billy
What's going on?	You weren't around when I woke up, I thought maybe something had happened.  This has been one very fucked up job, Sam, and I'm not taking any more chances on anybody...  Including you..
You ever hear of something called The Bible?	Once, in church, dude
I don't know why you still haven't bought an air conditioner.	Don't like 'em.  A fan will do
-- Mr. Lindgren.	Who's Mr. Lindgren
See you later.  Good luck.	Thank you
What did I say?	That he's got a pretty face
I should've known.  What's the Chief throwing you?	<u>Throwing me</u>
We drugged her.  So she wouldn't remember.	Try harder
What did you wish for, honey?	I already got it.  Everything I want
Welt...it depends, why?	Well, most guys I know who work in mergers and acquisitions don't really like it
There’s a guy on 81st and Madison. You get your results in 24 hours.  Do you make your lovers get tested before you sleep with them?	My sixth-grade science project was entitled, “Love Hurts: The Heartbreak of Human Papillomavirus.” Trust me, I’m careful
Well which of those three ya want fixed?	All of 'em
Why, I'd thrash him from top to bottomamus!	Supposin' you met an elephant
When? When are you going to do it?	Tomorrow we meet at City Hall at ten-  - and you're going to be on time
I thought you said there wasn't any damage done in the crash?	I did
You like my Mordechai, yes?	He's...he's very nice.  But Mrs. Carver, the fate of Hanukkah rests solely in his hands. Please, you have to help me
It's Bob's, the day manager's.  He's gettin' a divorce, so his wife's gettin' this place, so he's just lettin' all his friends use it till he has to turn over the keys.	I've never had the chance to go out of town without Darryl
You're my princess, aren't you?	Okay
"Yeah.  You know, people are always like, ""What're you gonna major in?"" And I don't know.  And they're like, ""You'll figure it out.""  Yeah?  When?"	I know.  Salt and pepper
There is nothing to discuss-	You don't have any money left, okay?! That's the truth. I don't wanna say it, nobody else will say it, but it's the truth. You spent it all. You can't buy the Tribune in Chicago -- you can't buy ^ g-g- goddamn thing. Now you better face up to it-
Right, of course, the company... But you see, I've come to realize all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing without someone to share them with --	Uh, Victor, I hope I haven't done something to make you think..
But Mom, I can't find him!	Well, honey, just grab some other toy!  Now c'mon
Darrell giving you problems?	He did more work on the car.  He wants fifty bucks extra for it
See, you didn't believe me!.. Now I suppose you don't think I have the courage!	Oh.  sure -- if it would make a good scene
You come stealee tleasoo?	Oh no... Don't you understand
That's not correct. Where'd you hear that?	They'd pull the people in crying and kissing their families bye... People watching would spit at them
I don't know, Forum's pretty hot tonight. It might be hard to get in, though.	Don't worry about me getting in. Just tell me where it is
Collateral damage.	I don't understand..
The New York Times ran a blow by blow of what we talked about behind closed doors! You fucked us!	No, you fucked you! Don't invert stuff! Big Tobacco tried to smear Wigand; you bought it. The Wall Street Journal, here, not exactly a bastion of anti-capitalist sentiment, refutes Big Tobacco's smear campaign as the lowest form of character assassination! And now, even now, when every word of what Wigand has said on our show is printed, the entire deposition of his testimony in a court of law in the State of Mississippi, the cat totally out of the bag, you're still standing here debating! Don, what the hell else... do you need
And plug the signal directly into the circuitry at this...  ... point here, Captain. It should pick up even a tricorder playback.	Enterprise, I want that signal again. Transmit
Cut the 'Bill' crap out -- you sonofabitch.	I told you, 'watch it'
So that pudding was bought, I bought that pudding because of a pretty interesting promotion that's sponsored by Healthy Choice and American Airlines. It's designed to encourage airline travel and obviously designed to encourage buying Healthy Choice products. They make frozen meals, deli meats, pasta sauce, breads, soups and ice creams, this sort of thing.....	Yeah
What're you ... ? Where's Sarah? Where are the boys?	Sit down, Jake
Wait.	You drive a black BMW, license plate SRK1339
You didn't want to see me, did you?	If there is one thing I can't stand about sleeping with women, it's all the fucking mind reading
Uh, huh...	Ah, Charley and I are...Well, we're thinking about...I mean, actually we're sort of talking about maybe getting back together
Bene.	I'll call tomorrow
What do you expect me to do about it?	I just thought you'd like to know -
I'm engaged for the evening.	Oh, can anyone engage you for the evening
The first settlers are buried here. They worked themselves to death, but Cohaagen ended up with all the money. He built cheap domes and watched their kids turn into freaks.	I saw them
You manifested that, Beth.	Did I?  Or was that you?  When you were hiding in the bathroom -- all conspiratorially like you were -- you became frightened, didn't you?  Terrified.  Like you were with the snake earlier -- and suddenly you have snakes slithering all over the floor.  You did that, Norman
Down below's Stanley Park. On the other side of the trees, there's a beach. You can see it.  Steveston's over there. Coast Guard station.  There's the Yacht Club, and beyond it, the docks. The over on the other side of the inlet, there's Grouse Mountain. It's about 4000 feet high. There's a restaurant on top of it. Very nice restaurant.  I'm sorry we couldn't have met in pleasanter circumstances, Miss Mayfield.	We wouldn't have met at all
What?  <u>Why</u>?	I am programmed to do so if certain conditions arise
What's wrong?	Last night at the circus. I noticed something about Dent. His coin. He's obsessed with justice. It's his Achilles' heel. It can be exploited
In the car.	I see what you mean
But outside, it's living human tissue.  Flesh, skin, hair...blood.  Grown for the cyborgs.	Look, Reese, I know you want to help, but..
Where's she at?	Somewheres down river! Parkersburg, mebbe! -- Cincinnati! -- One of them Sodoms on the Ohio River
Why do people think yellow is gender- neutral? I don't know one man with a yellow bedroom.	I think I'm leaning toward Custard in this light. I don't know. I should paint a small area..
Where are you meeting this person?	At the Zoo
Madeleine --	Yes, Abbe
I'm your Psychiatrist.	Psychiatrist? Huh, do I need one
I know what you mean.	At that moment, at that block party, she represented everything holy about a virgin
Maybe that's because I'm not Randy.	So who are you
I'll get a locksmith.	Will you stay?  Please?  I'm afraid to sleep... I don't want...<u>him</u>...in my head..
That's true.  I can reveal that I am considering a career in politics.	And what may I ask brought this on
It's real, George.	There's no mistake? You're absolutely sure
Well, what's nice about her? Tell us!	Well, she's... she's real pretty and ... and she's got a cute shape... she's a good sport, ya know, for laughs and  ... she loves fried chicken wings and beer
No.   It's mine.	The hell it is
What do we have here, Margaret?	It's a tampon in a teacup..
Yes.	It means you don't talk to anybody. You don't draw attention to yourself in any way.  Do you understand that
Okay.	And go to confession
Thanks...for all your help.	That's what we're paid for
The baby they made up.	From their heads..
This other couple that we're here with, do you know them very well?	Well... sure..
We have never worked a gig together but I am a firm believer in preparation.  So let's go over this again step by step.	Not this minute
Two thousand, one hundred and thirty- three pounds.	Four kilos. That's what -- Ten years' worth? Russian sailors? Mikey Forrester? What the fuck are you on these days? You've been to jail, Spud, so what's the deal -- like it so much you want to go back again
But you might.	I might
You woulda?	Oh hell yeah. We's just in the wrong place at the wrong time. So don't feel so bad dude
Harbor Air, do you read?  Over?	Brody?  This is Patrol Base
Taylor, please --	Except that he's also the Chief Defender of the Faith
Found them?  In Mercea.  The coconut's tropical!	What do you mean
Demons, Jake? Come on. They're winos and bag ladies. Low life. That's all they are. The streets are crawling with 'em. Don't make em into somethin' they're not.  It's the pressure, honey. That's all it is.	Those guys tried to kill me tonight. They were aiming right at me
I don't remember the exact date.	And when did you last see Signor Ripley
I have no sympathy for either good or evil. I have only curiosity -- a professional curiosity. What unhappy people most of you are!	"Are we?	I thought I was very gay"
Look at yourself, Joe, no offense, but frankly, you're beginning to smell. For a stud in this town that's a handicap.	You talk like a man with a tin twat
I'm sorry to bother you, I know you're real busy right now, but how many times, Max?  How many times has that woman gotta be fucked over? You could lift one finger and save her ass and you won't even do that?	Get a hold of yourself!  You are way out of your jurisdiction, now come on!  Calm down!  Don't make me sorry I let you come
That's right.  He wants to share. Needs an audience.  This is one sick puppy.	Why me
Or like maybe he was baby sitting a problem child for the Navy.	I don't know, I don't care
Yes.	I so wish I'd known
Get out to the pipeline. Find the insider who switched the pin. If your instincts are right, Renard will be back. He hasn’t completed the job. The pipeline is still going forward, and we have Elektra to thank for that.	The worm on the hook again
What are you doing here?	My wife needs space, I don't know my kids ' birthdays.  Everyone wants Tiger Woods, but they could get me, so I'm here doing a whiskey commercial
I'm serious.  I'm always going on about me, me, me.  Enough about me.  Your turn.	It's a fucking soccer ball, you idiot
Five stories, straight down. There was no blood in the body.	No shit.  It was all over the pavement
If we have any hope for a compromise or truce with England now, we have to hold on here:  our men must believe they can win -- the British must believe that somehow, in some mad, impossible way we might actually be able to hurt them.	I understand, George
Get anything?	No
What cold? And after the show, we could go out on the town --  I've been taking from Arthur Murray.	So I see
I don't understand.	Is not so hard to understand. Her playing, very polite
I want to tell Eve.	Tell Eve? You mean Mrs. Rand
This--this is a great honor, sir. I-- I--	Not at all. I've come to pay you a personal and official--and I might say--a *tardy* tribute, Mr. Smith, for your recent heroic conduct
Follow him? Mr. Gekko I...  It's not what I do. I could lose my license. If the SEC found out, I could go to jail. It's inside information, isn't it?	Inside information. Oh you mean like when a father tells his son about a court ruling on an airline? Or someone overhears me saying I'm gonna buy Teldar Paper? Or the chairman of the board of XYZ suddenly knows it's time to blow out XYZ. You mean that?  I'm afraid sport, unless you got a father on the board of directors of another company, you and I are gonna have a hard time doing any business..
How could you call him?	It's called journalism, Fletch. It's called getting both sides of the story. Something you apparently don't know anything about
How long does Doug take?	I don't know. Thirty to forty minutes
Morgan, be careful.	I got him
Because it's what we have to do.	Well I don't want a damned thing to do with it
No, sir.	This information goes back three days. I want the standard file, you know that
I'm training to....	Manage the whole damn place some day. I'm looking forward to living in the style to which I would like to become accustomed...
As long as it's not 'what's your sign?'	If you could meet God, what would you say to him
Because I'm tired of not understanding things.  Cops, Mafia, and butlers forcing me to bust my ass to steal something, which it turns out I really didn't steal--it's fucked up.	You re not thinking of going to..
Really?	No, actually Joe told me you were here... so how come you never call me anymore
It's not breakfast yet.	I dreamed about your house last night
Did you order our houses burned down?	Not that day. I am guilty of many things, but that was Mr. Thaddeus Rains and Parker, that day
Hey, you're perfectly safe.	I ain't about to argue with you.  What's gonna happen to them three? Ross the boss and those ladies
I just called to say that I'm having a really great time.	Good! You should go over and watch some Ted Carson
What's happened?	Search me.  I mean - I'll see
We think Mr. Henry maybe --	His health isn't very good, you know. They take that into account
You talk to yourself.	But I don't listen...then I'd be crazy
You didn't write that figure. And how is it that you remember that so clearly after four years?	Because I kept a copy. I have it right here
I never make bets or guesses, that way I'm never wrong and I never have to pay out.	Gene, Jesus, what a bull he is
Maybe she puts her work ahead of her personal appearance.	I bet that's exactly what she tells herself! But you and I both know she's just a dried-up bitter old maid. Say, how about you and I grab a little dinner and a show after work? I was thinking maybe The King and I -
How was huntin'?	Oh. Fine
Jesus Christ!	You can do some crazy things with it
Now I'm privileged?!  Why?  Because I didn't grow up on food stamps and welfare?  Because I didn't call home a cardboard box?  No, I never ever went to bed hungry and I'm proud of it, too.  Whoever told you that living in poverty earns you somekind of badge of honor flat out lied to you.	The point I'm trying to make is that this is a blessing.  It's going to be fun doing this show and we should all look at it that way
They could be utterly negligent. Maybe they'll do a far shittier job of raising a kid than my dumbass stepdaughter ever would. Have you considered that?	No... I guess not
Now, Marietta, I am goin' to help you. And don't be gettin' carried away. You don't want to be bringin' Santos and his people into it.	You're just jealous of Santos cause he's sweet on me
What do you want to do, leave the station with her?	Yes
Scottie, please...!	But you knew, that day, that I wouldn't be able to follow you didn't you. Who was at the top when you got there? Elster? With his wife
Got you, Williams!	Go on -- shoot me
Is it okay if I record this?	No... Yeah, fine, go ahead... So what's this about? Is this about me
Well, Johnnie told me you used to drive for Clyde and Santos...	So
Why?	Cause we got footprints leading into that brush, I want to see where it leads...  Jesus, seven dead.  I'll tell you I've never seen carnage like this in all my seventeen years of sheriffing these parts.  I don't like it.  Not in my jurisdiction
I was there.	Claire-
I don't believe in it.	You don't believe in tipping
They was some cops here, Ma. They was takin' down the license numbers. It looks like somebody knows sump'n.	It had to come, I reckon, soon or later
Sometimes people think they lose things and they didn't really lose them. It just gets moved.	Did you move the bumble bee pendant
Oh. You seem to do all right that way.	I'd say my game is about twenty per cent off. Maybe more
Where shall we go for dinner?	Wherever you'd like..
Why didn't you tell me about this?	You have enough to worry about, Angelo. You don't need my problems
No, of course, Captain, I can understand your concern.	Well, thank you very much, and please let us know if there is anything we can do to make your trip more comfortable
Are you kidding?  I'm not going down with you for killing a cop.	What difference does it make?  You killed Jake
Sure... Sure, it's his house.	That's what he keeps telling me
Hey, I'm with you on that one, my man. Prick.	Look, you need me to sign an invoice or somethin'
No, I'm from Iowa. I just work in outer space.	Well, I was close. I knew outer space was going to come into it sooner or later
Why she gotta be a ho, just cause she wants to get with me.	She's a ho cause she's sending her coochie through the mail
Okay.  If you've got a bug problem-a big one.  And they're swarming and there's no way to shoot them all individually... how do you get rid of them?	The only thing I could think of would be... you'd have to get rid of the queen
Hey, Buzz!!  You're flying!!	This isn't flying.  This is falling -- with style
Tell me one?	She'd aspirated vomitus into her mask..
Not yet.	Do it
There Sha Ka Ree is fabled to exist.	But the center of the galaxy can't be reached. No ship has ever gone into the Great Barrier. No probe has ever returned
I'm sick of this place. I'm going to try out for the Lakers. They need a power forward.	Fletch
Need any company?	You? Volunteer? I don't think so
Well what?	Well damn it. I don't speak ill of the dead. What I'm trying to say is, it’s was just a crazy accident. The exact same thing could have happened if he was with me. You can't go beating yourself up about it
Just getting my facts straight. Twenty-two makes it a gas chamber bounce. You should have pulled this caper a couple of years ago.  Get life, do a little Youth Authority jolt, transfer to Folsom a big man. Orbit on some of that good prison brew, get yourself a sissy --	I never truck with no sissies
I go to school where I live.	Me too
The premium leads.  Yes.  I know what they cost.  John.  Because I, I generated the dollar revenue sufficient to buy them.  Nineteen senny-nine, you know what I made? Senny-nine?  Ninety-six thousand dollars.  John?  For Murray... For Mitch...look at the sheets...	Murray said..
As recent as we have .. What ex- actly is your interest in Amber?	I'm afraid I can't give you an ans- wer to that, Mr Goodridge. As I ex- plained to your secretary, we're do- ing a lotta looking, but we're not even sure it's her we're lookin for .
I don't think I'm going.	Why not
Success, my lord.	Station
For all the really important things--	Right
Good morning, Gentlemen. Please be seated. I see we're still dressing in the dark, Eugene.	Once again, don't call me Eugene.  A recent unknown intruder penetrated, using a superuser acount, giving him access to our whole system
Admiral, if I may: we're probably already visible to the tracking devices of the time.	Quite right, Spock. Mr. Chekov, engage cloaking device
Yeah. It could get better.	No matter how much distance we put between us and this house, I bring with it with me. And I'll feel it every minute we're together. And I'll blame loving you for how much it hurts. And then even these four days won't be anything more than something sordid and... a mistake
Did you say rape her?	-- how you -- how anyone -- could do a thing like that
Several indiscriminates and one primary who we've ID'd as Robert Dean. A Crystal City attorney.  Mr. Reynolds?  Sir?	Contact COINTEL. Profile. Assess the threat. Then cross-check against Zavitz. Red-flag the intersects and anything we can exploit. Also NRO. Pull up the keyhole tapes. I need to own him. I need to own him <u>now</u>
Pretty lame for such a smart kid.	Really, Professor, I-
Jesus! They're all gonna be calling me!	You said in L.A., anything goes
Yes.	The other working
I'll do anything for you.	Would you like to make a man happy
Yes, it is.	I am not a bad man
Can I get you a snack-- a housefly, maybe?	Thanks, I already ate
What is it, Marquis?	My baby daughter has died... my baby... mon petite Henriette..
Get water!	Fix raft first
Free!	Free
Never mind.  Listen.  Every night people are laughing at your beloved Fuhrer.  Why?	It's that LSD und his verdampter babies!..
When did John divorce?	Two or three years ago
It's easy to learn.	A job??  As a plumber???  You think I come to America to work
... an offlander?	For someone so young
Why call me?	I'm going to tear down the shack and build my house
That is just the kind of pretentious bullshit that Englishmen and Americans always say to French girls so that they can sleep with them.	Sorry. I thought I was doing quite well
It's like a pop your cherry party. Everyone's saying it's 'Fuck or Die' time.	You're thinking of sleeping with Mark tonight
What's that?	The thing that started all of this
So there is a way to fool the system?	Yes
Yeah, I'm-I'm-I'm a wreck.	No.  You're a wreck
What's MOW?	Movie Of The Week.  I went up for one this morning with Alan Thicke and Corey Haim -
Before I took the story and closed the case, I'd want to know a lot more about these people.  I'd want to know just about everything about them.	Exactly.  Now I'm the killer.  And there's something I don't want you to know.  Something that would destroy my comfortable life, rob me of my friends, my position
Reggie, push off and hit, man.  Push him off.	We're leaving
I'm not sorry.	I'm going to leave you
Good evening, Mr. Kringelein -- Where's the Baron?	I'm waiting for him here. The Baron and I have been together all day. A hundred miles an hour -- in a motor car -- and in an aeroplane -- It was marvelous -
Delacroix, wake up, brother man. The reason why they didn't get picked up was because nobody - and I mean NOBODY - niggers and crackers alike wants to see that junk.	I've never been given a fair shot
"""Hmm"" what?"	"""But the life of the James Gang wasn't all robbing and shooting and killing, for these young Missouri bucks had a taste for the ladies... especially the handsome and charismatic Jesse James."
Yeah, how much you wanna bet?	On what
You must get out. For your own good, you must get out.	Come on, everybody!  Let's go
That's more like the old Sally--a little bit of fire.  How about Ned?	He's all right
What do you want for it?  Two thousand? Three thousand?	No...look I'm busy..
I can't.	Yes you can, Robin
Insolent young cub!	You mean Baron von Gaigern
It's all right, I forgive you. I'm not the vengeful type. We'll forget what happened. Why don't we take a trip together? Maybe kill a few lions in Kenya over Christmas.	Cole, listen to me... I've got to tell you..
I knew it! I had a bet with Marge!	Ha
May I say you smell real special.	It must be my new shampoo
I'm gonna order up some stuff. Have a steak.	I can't eat a steak. If I eat a steak, I'm gonna have trouble making the weigh-in
Please, Jacqueline.	You know about the Palladists -- you know who they are -- what they are. I was one of them
And they won't be able to tell?	No ... They won't be able to tell
I broke up with my roommate -- He was really the magnet for everyone who knew anything.	Oh
I want to give you something. Will you let me?	Thanks, Lily, I don't need anything
Smart. Hard as hell to handicap. You know what I like? Hai Alai. Fast game. You know why I like it?	Why
Alright.	Alright
Ilene, Rick promised...	Debbie, don't be naive. Men are pigs
Why not, Mrs. Bundy?	Because there are 8,650 species of birds in the world today, Mr. Carter. It's estimated that five billion, seven hundred and fifty million birds live in the United States alone. The five continents of the world..
She's making this up.	I'm not.  Couldn't pick up my cello for weeks
And what are we looking for?	I want to know about Treadstone
How many?	You wouldn't believe me if I told you
Frank...Frank Sullivan.	Is this some kind of joke?  Gordo is that you?  Are you fucking with me
Greg, it isn't a wild tale. It's true. If there were only some way --	There is a very simple way. Got a telephone book
I wasn't part of that picture at all, was I?  I wasn't part of that decision.  Did I occur to you at all?  It's a fucking farce.  It's a fucking farce.  How long did you think you could keep it going. You're amazing.  Do you have any idea what you've done to us?	Yes
I didn't do too well for you.	No, you did fine
Ilsa... you're alright?	Yes. What do you mean?  What's wrong
This fella holds you hostage, you talk about movies?	It was an unusual experience
I know, but I've been thinking --	Listen to me I -
Who have you been talking to, Jerry?  Who else knows what you know?	Could you be a little more specific
No.	In that case -
Someone gave it to you? Where was this old house?	On the back street — a green hous
I hate the Mets.	How come
No water.	You know what you're doing? You are interfering with my plans 
Fuck it's the cops. Peter saw me, now I have to let him in.	Tell them you'll meet them outside
What?	Only in mutual advantages -- moreover
Leaving what?	This
K... Cross.	That your maiden name
I know.	And you're old
"Yeah, that'll do .. Is that ""Hamlet?"""	No, Wordsworth .. Do you like poetry
Hey Sandy.	Mikey was looking for you
Nothing.	What did you say
This. I can't tell you how sorry I am!	Don't give it another thought, one of destiny's many pranks. After all, you didn't personally drain the gasoline out of the tank..
On the nine o'clock train. That's the one he took, isn't it?	Sure
Ex-cuse me?	I had this crank call?  From some guy who thinks he saw her? I said, what would a bride be doin', on her wedding..
I didn't say I'm going to die, but if I should--	Don't say that!  I don't want to hear you say that
What was going through your mind when you killed the busboy?	Not much. He was just a computer program. Nothing more
This is different.	Why
You're taking my money. Switch seats with me. Switch seats with me if you're not taking my money --	I'm ninety-two years old -
But you don't look very happy.	*Happy*! What are you thinkin'? How am I supposed to take care of a baby! I can't have a baby
On your normal mornin', okay, plenty a time, but today, gotta take inta account your Army-of-the-Twelve-Monkeys factor.	What?  What did you say
No, no, no.... we'll punch <u>in</u> a kitten.  Um... <u>Later</u>.	...you're gonna Punch in a Kitten Later
Ever seen him before?	No... No...  I swear..
But why me?	It was your eyes. No, your lips
Great rehearsal.	You heard it
I want to know what he told you last night.	I -- I didn't really pay much attention--  Bobby has such an active imagination
I mean porno movies.	Well... mostly..
Tight fit.	Best kind
Sometimes neither.	Some... What does that mean
So, what do we do now?	That depends. You either do your job or get ethical
What the hell?	What the--
I have to obey him... because he saved my life. He controls me and I have to obey him or I'll be left all alone... and I'll never figure out what all of this means...	If God exists
Falling.	No. Please, Dorothy. Why are you in so much trouble
Can you help?	You want to see into the nether world... I can show you.  Whatever you see, do not move or speak.  I will hold him
For me it's best if I sleep on my side and you spoon up right behind me with your arms around me.  If we go the other way I'm afraid your hair will be getting in my face all night.	How about you on the sofa and me in bed with the baby
Number two. I saw the Yellow Man come out. This time with a well-dressed man with an alligator briefcase. They drove down this factory building and stood on a staircase looking at something in the distance. Number three. now get this. In the distance was a murder. a drug dealer shot to death and a woman with her legs broken.	Jeffrey!
Why LA?	I guess you're going to have to trust me on this one
Can you see light?	Up ahead
Why do you think I called?	I get a lot of calls. Most of them are from people who say they know things
The premiere was the first time I've convinced her to venture out and it just confirmed her worst nightmares.	Viktor, you should have said something
I'll call her.	Won't forget
I'll go.	Wrong
Get real, Z!  She just dropped the scarf by accident!	Are you kidding?  There were sparks between us!  This scarf is a sign
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	great
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	22 years old
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	awesome
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	21 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	23 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	great
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	awesome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
ï»¿what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	terrible
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	21 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	terrible
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how are you doing ?	great
how are you doing ?	awesome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	awesome
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how are you doing ?	terrible
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	terrible
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
talk about Recrew	When a train receives a new crew
define COFC	Short for Containers On Flatcar
what is the definition of Unit train	A train carrying a single type of commodity, such as coal or grain.
define Fusee	A flare used by railroads
conceptualize Stop signal	A signal that can show a stop aspect or indication.
define EOT device	short for end of train device
Switched off is	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
Bi-directional line is	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
define Right-side failure	A failure that does not reduce the protection given by signalling equipment.
define Through freight	A train not designated to set off or pick up cars when in transit.
conceptualize Right-side failure	A failure that does not reduce the protection given by signalling equipment.
define hogger	Slang for locomotive engineer
define Receivership	During bankruptcy proceedings a corporation that is being managed by a receiver
what is the definition of hostler	Person responsible for the operation of the locomotive
talk about Eighth notch	is the final, and most powerful position on the locomotive's throttle
conceptualize Conductor	The crew member who is entirely responsible for the train
talk about Charter	a governmental means of granting rights, franchises, and privileges to such.
conceptualize Incentive per diem	the industry pushed railroads to buy new freight cars with the enticement of payments for doing so
define Slack action	"The result of ""give"" in each coupled car in a train that can sometimes be quite violent"
define Restricted speed	This term describes the operating speed an engineer must adhere to
what is Form D	A track warrant used only be railroads in the eastern US
what is In the hole	describe when a train is in a siding
conceptualize Granger roads	the Midwestern railroads that earned a substantial portion of the earnings from America's Breadbasket
talk about In the hole	describe when a train is in a siding
conceptualize Receivership	During bankruptcy proceedings a corporation that is being managed by a receiver
what is the definition of Wrong-side failure	A failure that reduces or removes the protection given by signalling equipment.
talk about Wheel slip	Similar to any other type of wheel slip condition
talk about Extra board	The group of employees not assigned to normal runs
talk about TOWS	a short for Train operated warning system
Spot a car is	To switch a freight car into a particular location for loading/unloading.
what is SIT	Stands for storage in transit
what is UDE	Short for UnDesired Emergency, this acronym describes when the air pressure is released within the air-brake system
what is hogger	Slang for locomotive engineer
High-rail vehicle is	a standard pickup with flanged wheels mounted to the frame that can be extended to operate on the tracks
what is the definition of Hours of service law	is a federal law mandating employees can only be on duty 12-hours at a time
define Mars light	trademark name referred to an auxiliary headlight
Stabbing is	Refers to a delayed train that is not expected.
what is EOT device	short for end of train device
Per diem is	A Latin term that means per day
define TPWS	Train protection and warning system
talk about Incentive per diem	the industry pushed railroads to buy new freight cars with the enticement of payments for doing so
what is the definition of Single-line haul	Refers to a shipment over only one railroad.
what is Transit	A term that refers to commuter rail operations, usually hauling passengers from urban to suburban settings and vice-versa
what is PoSA	a short for Proceed-on-sight authority
Adjacent line is	A line or siding next to the line you are on
what is the definition of Affiliate	A company owned or controlled by another
what is Meet	Occurs when two trains pass one another on a single-tracked line
what is Crossbuck	"The ""X""-shaped sign found just before a road crosses railroad tracks"
Work train is	A train that does not earn revenue and usually used by railroads for maintenance-of-way work.
define Bulk	Commodities such as grain
what is the definition of EOT device	short for end of train device
conceptualize hog law	is a federal law mandating employees can only be on duty 12-hours at a time
talk about Haulage	a railroad's traffic hauled by another railroad between two points
what is the definition of Nominal	rating of locomotive even if mechanical troubles
define Name train	a passenger trains during the days when the private railroads operated them
conceptualize Roadmaster	One who is responsible for railroad track maintenance.
define Truck	The wheel-axle-frame assembly under each end of a car or locomotive.
what is Stack train	The slang term for a train made up entirely of containers stacked two-deep per car.
conceptualize Controlling interest	Owning enough stock in a corporation to control that corporation
conceptualize Truck	The wheel-axle-frame assembly under each end of a car or locomotive.
conceptualize Clearance diagram	A diagram the car and locomotive type and size a particular rail line
define Bi-directional line	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
what is the definition of Road number	The digits used to identifying a locomotive.
Knuckle is	The free-moving part of a coupler that actually keeps cars and locomotives mated to one another
conceptualize Section hand	A general track laborer assigned to a section gang.
talk about Terminal	The term describing areas where railroads make up, assemble, and dispatch trains
conceptualize Ton-mile	The movement of one ton of freight a distance of one mile, a standard transportation industry measure.
conceptualize Extra board	The group of employees not assigned to normal runs
define Automatic Equipment Identification	it is meant as a tracking system for cars
talk about Ton-mile	The movement of one ton of freight a distance of one mile, a standard transportation industry measure.
define CP	short for control point on a railroad
talk about Switched off	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
define Holding company	A company that controls other companies through ownership
talk about Gandy Dancer	one who maintained the railroad track and right of way
what is the definition of BLE	short for Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
define Embargo	when a railroad company temporarily shuts down a rail line
define Stop signal	A signal that can show a stop aspect or indication.
what is No-block line	A line on which the signaller does not monitor the condition of the block section.
conceptualize Transit	A term that refers to commuter rail operations, usually hauling passengers from urban to suburban settings and vice-versa
what is Switched off	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
Dual-mode is	A locomotive which can operate conventionally as a locomotive or as an electric
define Line-haul railroad	a railroad that operates through freight from one point to another and is distinguished from switching and terminal railroads
what is the definition of Automatic Equipment Identification	it is meant as a tracking system for cars
what is Gandy Dancer	one who maintained the railroad track and right of way
Rolling stock is	Usually refers to freight and passenger cars but also includes locomotives.
talk about Deadhead	meaning to move in a train but in no way helping
what is the definition of Terminal railroad	Usually operate within large cities
talk about EOT device	short for end of train device
define PoSA	a short for Proceed-on-sight authority
what is Company-owned railroad	A railroad's stock controlled by a company and not individuals
define Run-through	A train that does not stop to do any type of switching or setting out/picking up of cars.
what is the definition of Departure yard	departure yards assemble cuts of cars to ready them for an outbound train
conceptualize Knuckle	The free-moving part of a coupler that actually keeps cars and locomotives mated to one another
conceptualize Charter	a governmental means of granting rights, franchises, and privileges to such.
talk about Derating	changing the locomotive's prime mover to improve fuel efficiency or lower maintenance costs
conceptualize Bi-directional line	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
conceptualize Wayfreight	A term describing a local freight train often associated with the Burlington.
conceptualize Double-stack	Meaning to stack one container on top of another in a special well car
what is PRB	short for Powder River Basin
what is the definition of Industrial railroad	Railroads owned exclusively by industries merely to move cars around and within their property
define Crossbuck	"The ""X""-shaped sign found just before a road crosses railroad tracks"
Zombie is	A slang term describing the reuse of a locomotive's frame
what is TOWS	a short for Train operated warning system
Junction signal is	A signal that controls more than one running route
talk about COFC	Short for Containers On Flatcar
define First trick	Refers to the day's first work shift between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m
conceptualize Profile	This term illustrates graphically the layout of a rail line in terms of its grades
what is Engineer	Person responsible for the operation of the locomotive
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	great
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	22 years old
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	awesome
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	21 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	23 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	great
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	awesome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
ï»¿what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	terrible
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	21 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	terrible
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how are you doing ?	great
how are you doing ?	awesome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	awesome
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how are you doing ?	terrible
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	terrible
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
talk about Recrew	When a train receives a new crew
define COFC	Short for Containers On Flatcar
what is the definition of Unit train	A train carrying a single type of commodity, such as coal or grain.
define Fusee	A flare used by railroads
conceptualize Stop signal	A signal that can show a stop aspect or indication.
define EOT device	short for end of train device
Switched off is	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
Bi-directional line is	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
define Right-side failure	A failure that does not reduce the protection given by signalling equipment.
define Through freight	A train not designated to set off or pick up cars when in transit.
conceptualize Right-side failure	A failure that does not reduce the protection given by signalling equipment.
define hogger	Slang for locomotive engineer
define Receivership	During bankruptcy proceedings a corporation that is being managed by a receiver
what is the definition of hostler	Person responsible for the operation of the locomotive
talk about Eighth notch	is the final, and most powerful position on the locomotive's throttle
conceptualize Conductor	The crew member who is entirely responsible for the train
talk about Charter	a governmental means of granting rights, franchises, and privileges to such.
conceptualize Incentive per diem	the industry pushed railroads to buy new freight cars with the enticement of payments for doing so
define Slack action	"The result of ""give"" in each coupled car in a train that can sometimes be quite violent"
define Restricted speed	This term describes the operating speed an engineer must adhere to
what is Form D	A track warrant used only be railroads in the eastern US
what is In the hole	describe when a train is in a siding
conceptualize Granger roads	the Midwestern railroads that earned a substantial portion of the earnings from America's Breadbasket
talk about In the hole	describe when a train is in a siding
conceptualize Receivership	During bankruptcy proceedings a corporation that is being managed by a receiver
what is the definition of Wrong-side failure	A failure that reduces or removes the protection given by signalling equipment.
talk about Wheel slip	Similar to any other type of wheel slip condition
talk about Extra board	The group of employees not assigned to normal runs
talk about TOWS	a short for Train operated warning system
Spot a car is	To switch a freight car into a particular location for loading/unloading.
what is SIT	Stands for storage in transit
what is UDE	Short for UnDesired Emergency, this acronym describes when the air pressure is released within the air-brake system
what is hogger	Slang for locomotive engineer
High-rail vehicle is	a standard pickup with flanged wheels mounted to the frame that can be extended to operate on the tracks
what is the definition of Hours of service law	is a federal law mandating employees can only be on duty 12-hours at a time
define Mars light	trademark name referred to an auxiliary headlight
Stabbing is	Refers to a delayed train that is not expected.
what is EOT device	short for end of train device
Per diem is	A Latin term that means per day
define TPWS	Train protection and warning system
talk about Incentive per diem	the industry pushed railroads to buy new freight cars with the enticement of payments for doing so
what is the definition of Single-line haul	Refers to a shipment over only one railroad.
what is Transit	A term that refers to commuter rail operations, usually hauling passengers from urban to suburban settings and vice-versa
what is PoSA	a short for Proceed-on-sight authority
Adjacent line is	A line or siding next to the line you are on
what is the definition of Affiliate	A company owned or controlled by another
what is Meet	Occurs when two trains pass one another on a single-tracked line
what is Crossbuck	"The ""X""-shaped sign found just before a road crosses railroad tracks"
Work train is	A train that does not earn revenue and usually used by railroads for maintenance-of-way work.
define Bulk	Commodities such as grain
what is the definition of EOT device	short for end of train device
conceptualize hog law	is a federal law mandating employees can only be on duty 12-hours at a time
talk about Haulage	a railroad's traffic hauled by another railroad between two points
what is the definition of Nominal	rating of locomotive even if mechanical troubles
define Name train	a passenger trains during the days when the private railroads operated them
conceptualize Roadmaster	One who is responsible for railroad track maintenance.
define Truck	The wheel-axle-frame assembly under each end of a car or locomotive.
what is Stack train	The slang term for a train made up entirely of containers stacked two-deep per car.
conceptualize Controlling interest	Owning enough stock in a corporation to control that corporation
conceptualize Truck	The wheel-axle-frame assembly under each end of a car or locomotive.
conceptualize Clearance diagram	A diagram the car and locomotive type and size a particular rail line
define Bi-directional line	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
what is the definition of Road number	The digits used to identifying a locomotive.
Knuckle is	The free-moving part of a coupler that actually keeps cars and locomotives mated to one another
conceptualize Section hand	A general track laborer assigned to a section gang.
talk about Terminal	The term describing areas where railroads make up, assemble, and dispatch trains
conceptualize Ton-mile	The movement of one ton of freight a distance of one mile, a standard transportation industry measure.
conceptualize Extra board	The group of employees not assigned to normal runs
define Automatic Equipment Identification	it is meant as a tracking system for cars
talk about Ton-mile	The movement of one ton of freight a distance of one mile, a standard transportation industry measure.
define CP	short for control point on a railroad
talk about Switched off	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
define Holding company	A company that controls other companies through ownership
talk about Gandy Dancer	one who maintained the railroad track and right of way
what is the definition of BLE	short for Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
define Embargo	when a railroad company temporarily shuts down a rail line
define Stop signal	A signal that can show a stop aspect or indication.
what is No-block line	A line on which the signaller does not monitor the condition of the block section.
conceptualize Transit	A term that refers to commuter rail operations, usually hauling passengers from urban to suburban settings and vice-versa
what is Switched off	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
Dual-mode is	A locomotive which can operate conventionally as a locomotive or as an electric
define Line-haul railroad	a railroad that operates through freight from one point to another and is distinguished from switching and terminal railroads
what is the definition of Automatic Equipment Identification	it is meant as a tracking system for cars
what is Gandy Dancer	one who maintained the railroad track and right of way
Rolling stock is	Usually refers to freight and passenger cars but also includes locomotives.
talk about Deadhead	meaning to move in a train but in no way helping
what is the definition of Terminal railroad	Usually operate within large cities
talk about EOT device	short for end of train device
define PoSA	a short for Proceed-on-sight authority
what is Company-owned railroad	A railroad's stock controlled by a company and not individuals
define Run-through	A train that does not stop to do any type of switching or setting out/picking up of cars.
what is the definition of Departure yard	departure yards assemble cuts of cars to ready them for an outbound train
conceptualize Knuckle	The free-moving part of a coupler that actually keeps cars and locomotives mated to one another
conceptualize Charter	a governmental means of granting rights, franchises, and privileges to such.
talk about Derating	changing the locomotive's prime mover to improve fuel efficiency or lower maintenance costs
conceptualize Bi-directional line	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
conceptualize Wayfreight	A term describing a local freight train often associated with the Burlington.
conceptualize Double-stack	Meaning to stack one container on top of another in a special well car
what is PRB	short for Powder River Basin
what is the definition of Industrial railroad	Railroads owned exclusively by industries merely to move cars around and within their property
define Crossbuck	"The ""X""-shaped sign found just before a road crosses railroad tracks"
Zombie is	A slang term describing the reuse of a locomotive's frame
what is TOWS	a short for Train operated warning system
Junction signal is	A signal that controls more than one running route
talk about COFC	Short for Containers On Flatcar
define First trick	Refers to the day's first work shift between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m
conceptualize Profile	This term illustrates graphically the layout of a rail line in terms of its grades
what is Engineer	Person responsible for the operation of the locomotive
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	great
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	22 years old
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	awesome
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	21 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	23 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	great
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	awesome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
ï»¿what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	terrible
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	21 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	terrible
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how are you doing ?	great
how are you doing ?	awesome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	awesome
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how are you doing ?	terrible
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	terrible
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
talk about Recrew	When a train receives a new crew
define COFC	Short for Containers On Flatcar
what is the definition of Unit train	A train carrying a single type of commodity, such as coal or grain.
define Fusee	A flare used by railroads
conceptualize Stop signal	A signal that can show a stop aspect or indication.
define EOT device	short for end of train device
Switched off is	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
Bi-directional line is	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
define Right-side failure	A failure that does not reduce the protection given by signalling equipment.
define Through freight	A train not designated to set off or pick up cars when in transit.
conceptualize Right-side failure	A failure that does not reduce the protection given by signalling equipment.
define hogger	Slang for locomotive engineer
define Receivership	During bankruptcy proceedings a corporation that is being managed by a receiver
what is the definition of hostler	Person responsible for the operation of the locomotive
talk about Eighth notch	is the final, and most powerful position on the locomotive's throttle
conceptualize Conductor	The crew member who is entirely responsible for the train
talk about Charter	a governmental means of granting rights, franchises, and privileges to such.
conceptualize Incentive per diem	the industry pushed railroads to buy new freight cars with the enticement of payments for doing so
define Slack action	"The result of ""give"" in each coupled car in a train that can sometimes be quite violent"
define Restricted speed	This term describes the operating speed an engineer must adhere to
what is Form D	A track warrant used only be railroads in the eastern US
what is In the hole	describe when a train is in a siding
conceptualize Granger roads	the Midwestern railroads that earned a substantial portion of the earnings from America's Breadbasket
talk about In the hole	describe when a train is in a siding
conceptualize Receivership	During bankruptcy proceedings a corporation that is being managed by a receiver
what is the definition of Wrong-side failure	A failure that reduces or removes the protection given by signalling equipment.
talk about Wheel slip	Similar to any other type of wheel slip condition
talk about Extra board	The group of employees not assigned to normal runs
talk about TOWS	a short for Train operated warning system
Spot a car is	To switch a freight car into a particular location for loading/unloading.
what is SIT	Stands for storage in transit
what is UDE	Short for UnDesired Emergency, this acronym describes when the air pressure is released within the air-brake system
what is hogger	Slang for locomotive engineer
High-rail vehicle is	a standard pickup with flanged wheels mounted to the frame that can be extended to operate on the tracks
what is the definition of Hours of service law	is a federal law mandating employees can only be on duty 12-hours at a time
define Mars light	trademark name referred to an auxiliary headlight
Stabbing is	Refers to a delayed train that is not expected.
what is EOT device	short for end of train device
Per diem is	A Latin term that means per day
define TPWS	Train protection and warning system
talk about Incentive per diem	the industry pushed railroads to buy new freight cars with the enticement of payments for doing so
what is the definition of Single-line haul	Refers to a shipment over only one railroad.
what is Transit	A term that refers to commuter rail operations, usually hauling passengers from urban to suburban settings and vice-versa
what is PoSA	a short for Proceed-on-sight authority
Adjacent line is	A line or siding next to the line you are on
what is the definition of Affiliate	A company owned or controlled by another
what is Meet	Occurs when two trains pass one another on a single-tracked line
what is Crossbuck	"The ""X""-shaped sign found just before a road crosses railroad tracks"
Work train is	A train that does not earn revenue and usually used by railroads for maintenance-of-way work.
define Bulk	Commodities such as grain
what is the definition of EOT device	short for end of train device
conceptualize hog law	is a federal law mandating employees can only be on duty 12-hours at a time
talk about Haulage	a railroad's traffic hauled by another railroad between two points
what is the definition of Nominal	rating of locomotive even if mechanical troubles
define Name train	a passenger trains during the days when the private railroads operated them
conceptualize Roadmaster	One who is responsible for railroad track maintenance.
define Truck	The wheel-axle-frame assembly under each end of a car or locomotive.
what is Stack train	The slang term for a train made up entirely of containers stacked two-deep per car.
conceptualize Controlling interest	Owning enough stock in a corporation to control that corporation
conceptualize Truck	The wheel-axle-frame assembly under each end of a car or locomotive.
conceptualize Clearance diagram	A diagram the car and locomotive type and size a particular rail line
define Bi-directional line	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
what is the definition of Road number	The digits used to identifying a locomotive.
Knuckle is	The free-moving part of a coupler that actually keeps cars and locomotives mated to one another
conceptualize Section hand	A general track laborer assigned to a section gang.
talk about Terminal	The term describing areas where railroads make up, assemble, and dispatch trains
conceptualize Ton-mile	The movement of one ton of freight a distance of one mile, a standard transportation industry measure.
conceptualize Extra board	The group of employees not assigned to normal runs
define Automatic Equipment Identification	it is meant as a tracking system for cars
talk about Ton-mile	The movement of one ton of freight a distance of one mile, a standard transportation industry measure.
define CP	short for control point on a railroad
talk about Switched off	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
define Holding company	A company that controls other companies through ownership
talk about Gandy Dancer	one who maintained the railroad track and right of way
what is the definition of BLE	short for Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
define Embargo	when a railroad company temporarily shuts down a rail line
define Stop signal	A signal that can show a stop aspect or indication.
what is No-block line	A line on which the signaller does not monitor the condition of the block section.
conceptualize Transit	A term that refers to commuter rail operations, usually hauling passengers from urban to suburban settings and vice-versa
what is Switched off	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
Dual-mode is	A locomotive which can operate conventionally as a locomotive or as an electric
define Line-haul railroad	a railroad that operates through freight from one point to another and is distinguished from switching and terminal railroads
what is the definition of Automatic Equipment Identification	it is meant as a tracking system for cars
what is Gandy Dancer	one who maintained the railroad track and right of way
Rolling stock is	Usually refers to freight and passenger cars but also includes locomotives.
talk about Deadhead	meaning to move in a train but in no way helping
what is the definition of Terminal railroad	Usually operate within large cities
talk about EOT device	short for end of train device
define PoSA	a short for Proceed-on-sight authority
what is Company-owned railroad	A railroad's stock controlled by a company and not individuals
define Run-through	A train that does not stop to do any type of switching or setting out/picking up of cars.
what is the definition of Departure yard	departure yards assemble cuts of cars to ready them for an outbound train
conceptualize Knuckle	The free-moving part of a coupler that actually keeps cars and locomotives mated to one another
conceptualize Charter	a governmental means of granting rights, franchises, and privileges to such.
talk about Derating	changing the locomotive's prime mover to improve fuel efficiency or lower maintenance costs
conceptualize Bi-directional line	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
conceptualize Wayfreight	A term describing a local freight train often associated with the Burlington.
conceptualize Double-stack	Meaning to stack one container on top of another in a special well car
what is PRB	short for Powder River Basin
what is the definition of Industrial railroad	Railroads owned exclusively by industries merely to move cars around and within their property
define Crossbuck	"The ""X""-shaped sign found just before a road crosses railroad tracks"
Zombie is	A slang term describing the reuse of a locomotive's frame
what is TOWS	a short for Train operated warning system
Junction signal is	A signal that controls more than one running route
talk about COFC	Short for Containers On Flatcar
define First trick	Refers to the day's first work shift between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m
conceptualize Profile	This term illustrates graphically the layout of a rail line in terms of its grades
what is Engineer	Person responsible for the operation of the locomotive
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	great
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	22 years old
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	awesome
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	21 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	23 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	great
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	awesome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
ï»¿what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	terrible
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	21 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	terrible
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how are you doing ?	great
how are you doing ?	awesome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	awesome
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how are you doing ?	terrible
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	terrible
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
talk about Recrew	When a train receives a new crew
define COFC	Short for Containers On Flatcar
what is the definition of Unit train	A train carrying a single type of commodity, such as coal or grain.
define Fusee	A flare used by railroads
conceptualize Stop signal	A signal that can show a stop aspect or indication.
define EOT device	short for end of train device
Switched off is	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
Bi-directional line is	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
define Right-side failure	A failure that does not reduce the protection given by signalling equipment.
define Through freight	A train not designated to set off or pick up cars when in transit.
conceptualize Right-side failure	A failure that does not reduce the protection given by signalling equipment.
define hogger	Slang for locomotive engineer
define Receivership	During bankruptcy proceedings a corporation that is being managed by a receiver
what is the definition of hostler	Person responsible for the operation of the locomotive
talk about Eighth notch	is the final, and most powerful position on the locomotive's throttle
conceptualize Conductor	The crew member who is entirely responsible for the train
talk about Charter	a governmental means of granting rights, franchises, and privileges to such.
conceptualize Incentive per diem	the industry pushed railroads to buy new freight cars with the enticement of payments for doing so
define Slack action	"The result of ""give"" in each coupled car in a train that can sometimes be quite violent"
define Restricted speed	This term describes the operating speed an engineer must adhere to
what is Form D	A track warrant used only be railroads in the eastern US
what is In the hole	describe when a train is in a siding
conceptualize Granger roads	the Midwestern railroads that earned a substantial portion of the earnings from America's Breadbasket
talk about In the hole	describe when a train is in a siding
conceptualize Receivership	During bankruptcy proceedings a corporation that is being managed by a receiver
what is the definition of Wrong-side failure	A failure that reduces or removes the protection given by signalling equipment.
talk about Wheel slip	Similar to any other type of wheel slip condition
talk about Extra board	The group of employees not assigned to normal runs
talk about TOWS	a short for Train operated warning system
Spot a car is	To switch a freight car into a particular location for loading/unloading.
what is SIT	Stands for storage in transit
what is UDE	Short for UnDesired Emergency, this acronym describes when the air pressure is released within the air-brake system
what is hogger	Slang for locomotive engineer
High-rail vehicle is	a standard pickup with flanged wheels mounted to the frame that can be extended to operate on the tracks
what is the definition of Hours of service law	is a federal law mandating employees can only be on duty 12-hours at a time
define Mars light	trademark name referred to an auxiliary headlight
Stabbing is	Refers to a delayed train that is not expected.
what is EOT device	short for end of train device
Per diem is	A Latin term that means per day
define TPWS	Train protection and warning system
talk about Incentive per diem	the industry pushed railroads to buy new freight cars with the enticement of payments for doing so
what is the definition of Single-line haul	Refers to a shipment over only one railroad.
what is Transit	A term that refers to commuter rail operations, usually hauling passengers from urban to suburban settings and vice-versa
what is PoSA	a short for Proceed-on-sight authority
Adjacent line is	A line or siding next to the line you are on
what is the definition of Affiliate	A company owned or controlled by another
what is Meet	Occurs when two trains pass one another on a single-tracked line
what is Crossbuck	"The ""X""-shaped sign found just before a road crosses railroad tracks"
Work train is	A train that does not earn revenue and usually used by railroads for maintenance-of-way work.
define Bulk	Commodities such as grain
what is the definition of EOT device	short for end of train device
conceptualize hog law	is a federal law mandating employees can only be on duty 12-hours at a time
talk about Haulage	a railroad's traffic hauled by another railroad between two points
what is the definition of Nominal	rating of locomotive even if mechanical troubles
define Name train	a passenger trains during the days when the private railroads operated them
conceptualize Roadmaster	One who is responsible for railroad track maintenance.
define Truck	The wheel-axle-frame assembly under each end of a car or locomotive.
what is Stack train	The slang term for a train made up entirely of containers stacked two-deep per car.
conceptualize Controlling interest	Owning enough stock in a corporation to control that corporation
conceptualize Truck	The wheel-axle-frame assembly under each end of a car or locomotive.
conceptualize Clearance diagram	A diagram the car and locomotive type and size a particular rail line
define Bi-directional line	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
what is the definition of Road number	The digits used to identifying a locomotive.
Knuckle is	The free-moving part of a coupler that actually keeps cars and locomotives mated to one another
conceptualize Section hand	A general track laborer assigned to a section gang.
talk about Terminal	The term describing areas where railroads make up, assemble, and dispatch trains
conceptualize Ton-mile	The movement of one ton of freight a distance of one mile, a standard transportation industry measure.
conceptualize Extra board	The group of employees not assigned to normal runs
define Automatic Equipment Identification	it is meant as a tracking system for cars
talk about Ton-mile	The movement of one ton of freight a distance of one mile, a standard transportation industry measure.
define CP	short for control point on a railroad
talk about Switched off	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
define Holding company	A company that controls other companies through ownership
talk about Gandy Dancer	one who maintained the railroad track and right of way
what is the definition of BLE	short for Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
define Embargo	when a railroad company temporarily shuts down a rail line
define Stop signal	A signal that can show a stop aspect or indication.
what is No-block line	A line on which the signaller does not monitor the condition of the block section.
conceptualize Transit	A term that refers to commuter rail operations, usually hauling passengers from urban to suburban settings and vice-versa
what is Switched off	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
Dual-mode is	A locomotive which can operate conventionally as a locomotive or as an electric
define Line-haul railroad	a railroad that operates through freight from one point to another and is distinguished from switching and terminal railroads
what is the definition of Automatic Equipment Identification	it is meant as a tracking system for cars
what is Gandy Dancer	one who maintained the railroad track and right of way
Rolling stock is	Usually refers to freight and passenger cars but also includes locomotives.
talk about Deadhead	meaning to move in a train but in no way helping
what is the definition of Terminal railroad	Usually operate within large cities
talk about EOT device	short for end of train device
define PoSA	a short for Proceed-on-sight authority
what is Company-owned railroad	A railroad's stock controlled by a company and not individuals
define Run-through	A train that does not stop to do any type of switching or setting out/picking up of cars.
what is the definition of Departure yard	departure yards assemble cuts of cars to ready them for an outbound train
conceptualize Knuckle	The free-moving part of a coupler that actually keeps cars and locomotives mated to one another
conceptualize Charter	a governmental means of granting rights, franchises, and privileges to such.
talk about Derating	changing the locomotive's prime mover to improve fuel efficiency or lower maintenance costs
conceptualize Bi-directional line	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
conceptualize Wayfreight	A term describing a local freight train often associated with the Burlington.
conceptualize Double-stack	Meaning to stack one container on top of another in a special well car
what is PRB	short for Powder River Basin
what is the definition of Industrial railroad	Railroads owned exclusively by industries merely to move cars around and within their property
define Crossbuck	"The ""X""-shaped sign found just before a road crosses railroad tracks"
Zombie is	A slang term describing the reuse of a locomotive's frame
what is TOWS	a short for Train operated warning system
Junction signal is	A signal that controls more than one running route
talk about COFC	Short for Containers On Flatcar
define First trick	Refers to the day's first work shift between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m
conceptualize Profile	This term illustrates graphically the layout of a rail line in terms of its grades
what is Engineer	Person responsible for the operation of the locomotive
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	great
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	22 years old
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	awesome
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	21 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	21 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	23 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	great
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	23 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	awesome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	24 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
ï»¿what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	terrible
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	awesome
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	22 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	21 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	24 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	awesome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
where do you live ?	i live in london
how are you doing ?	terrible
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in rome
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	24 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how old are you ?	23 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	23 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	great
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
how old are you ?	24 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	terrible
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
where do you live ?	i live in miami
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how are you doing ?	great
how are you doing ?	awesome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	25 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how are you doing ?	great
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in boston
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	21 years old
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	good
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a lawyer
how are you doing ?	terrible
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
how much money do you have ?	21 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how old are you ?	20 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how old are you ?	22 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
how are you doing ?	awesome
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in rome
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	20 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in paris
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how are you doing ?	good
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in london
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	21 years old
where do you live ?	i live in barcelona
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in boston
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in paris
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	22 dollars
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
how are you doing ?	good
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
how old are you ?	24 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love blue
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love brown
what is your favorite color ?	i love red
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	22 years old
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in boston
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in rome
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how old are you ?	24 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in london
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a engineer
how are you doing ?	good
how old are you ?	25 years old
how are you doing ?	terrible
where do you live ?	i live in seattle
where do you live ?	i live in miami
how much money do you have ?	20 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in paris
how are you doing ?	terrible
how old are you ?	25 years old
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
how are you doing ?	great
how much money do you have ?	25 dollars
how much money do you have ?	24 dollars
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
what is your favorite color ?	i love green
how much money do you have ?	23 dollars
how old are you ?	20 years old
how old are you ?	22 years old
how are you doing ?	awesome
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	good
how are you doing ?	terrible
what is your favorite color ?	i love yellow
how old are you ?	25 years old
what is your favorite color ?	i love pink
how old are you ?	22 years old
what are you doing for a living ?	i am a admin
where do you live ?	i live in london
where do you live ?	i live in london
how old are you ?	23 years old
where do you live ?	i live in miami
where do you live ?	i live in madrid
talk about Recrew	When a train receives a new crew
define COFC	Short for Containers On Flatcar
what is the definition of Unit train	A train carrying a single type of commodity, such as coal or grain.
define Fusee	A flare used by railroads
conceptualize Stop signal	A signal that can show a stop aspect or indication.
define EOT device	short for end of train device
Switched off is	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
Bi-directional line is	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
define Right-side failure	A failure that does not reduce the protection given by signalling equipment.
define Through freight	A train not designated to set off or pick up cars when in transit.
conceptualize Right-side failure	A failure that does not reduce the protection given by signalling equipment.
define hogger	Slang for locomotive engineer
define Receivership	During bankruptcy proceedings a corporation that is being managed by a receiver
what is the definition of hostler	Person responsible for the operation of the locomotive
talk about Eighth notch	is the final, and most powerful position on the locomotive's throttle
conceptualize Conductor	The crew member who is entirely responsible for the train
talk about Charter	a governmental means of granting rights, franchises, and privileges to such.
conceptualize Incentive per diem	the industry pushed railroads to buy new freight cars with the enticement of payments for doing so
define Slack action	"The result of ""give"" in each coupled car in a train that can sometimes be quite violent"
define Restricted speed	This term describes the operating speed an engineer must adhere to
what is Form D	A track warrant used only be railroads in the eastern US
what is In the hole	describe when a train is in a siding
conceptualize Granger roads	the Midwestern railroads that earned a substantial portion of the earnings from America's Breadbasket
talk about In the hole	describe when a train is in a siding
conceptualize Receivership	During bankruptcy proceedings a corporation that is being managed by a receiver
what is the definition of Wrong-side failure	A failure that reduces or removes the protection given by signalling equipment.
talk about Wheel slip	Similar to any other type of wheel slip condition
talk about Extra board	The group of employees not assigned to normal runs
talk about TOWS	a short for Train operated warning system
Spot a car is	To switch a freight car into a particular location for loading/unloading.
what is SIT	Stands for storage in transit
what is UDE	Short for UnDesired Emergency, this acronym describes when the air pressure is released within the air-brake system
what is hogger	Slang for locomotive engineer
High-rail vehicle is	a standard pickup with flanged wheels mounted to the frame that can be extended to operate on the tracks
what is the definition of Hours of service law	is a federal law mandating employees can only be on duty 12-hours at a time
define Mars light	trademark name referred to an auxiliary headlight
Stabbing is	Refers to a delayed train that is not expected.
what is EOT device	short for end of train device
Per diem is	A Latin term that means per day
define TPWS	Train protection and warning system
talk about Incentive per diem	the industry pushed railroads to buy new freight cars with the enticement of payments for doing so
what is the definition of Single-line haul	Refers to a shipment over only one railroad.
what is Transit	A term that refers to commuter rail operations, usually hauling passengers from urban to suburban settings and vice-versa
what is PoSA	a short for Proceed-on-sight authority
Adjacent line is	A line or siding next to the line you are on
what is the definition of Affiliate	A company owned or controlled by another
what is Meet	Occurs when two trains pass one another on a single-tracked line
what is Crossbuck	"The ""X""-shaped sign found just before a road crosses railroad tracks"
Work train is	A train that does not earn revenue and usually used by railroads for maintenance-of-way work.
define Bulk	Commodities such as grain
what is the definition of EOT device	short for end of train device
conceptualize hog law	is a federal law mandating employees can only be on duty 12-hours at a time
talk about Haulage	a railroad's traffic hauled by another railroad between two points
what is the definition of Nominal	rating of locomotive even if mechanical troubles
define Name train	a passenger trains during the days when the private railroads operated them
conceptualize Roadmaster	One who is responsible for railroad track maintenance.
define Truck	The wheel-axle-frame assembly under each end of a car or locomotive.
what is Stack train	The slang term for a train made up entirely of containers stacked two-deep per car.
conceptualize Controlling interest	Owning enough stock in a corporation to control that corporation
conceptualize Truck	The wheel-axle-frame assembly under each end of a car or locomotive.
conceptualize Clearance diagram	A diagram the car and locomotive type and size a particular rail line
define Bi-directional line	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
what is the definition of Road number	The digits used to identifying a locomotive.
Knuckle is	The free-moving part of a coupler that actually keeps cars and locomotives mated to one another
conceptualize Section hand	A general track laborer assigned to a section gang.
talk about Terminal	The term describing areas where railroads make up, assemble, and dispatch trains
conceptualize Ton-mile	The movement of one ton of freight a distance of one mile, a standard transportation industry measure.
conceptualize Extra board	The group of employees not assigned to normal runs
define Automatic Equipment Identification	it is meant as a tracking system for cars
talk about Ton-mile	The movement of one ton of freight a distance of one mile, a standard transportation industry measure.
define CP	short for control point on a railroad
talk about Switched off	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
define Holding company	A company that controls other companies through ownership
talk about Gandy Dancer	one who maintained the railroad track and right of way
what is the definition of BLE	short for Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
define Embargo	when a railroad company temporarily shuts down a rail line
define Stop signal	A signal that can show a stop aspect or indication.
what is No-block line	A line on which the signaller does not monitor the condition of the block section.
conceptualize Transit	A term that refers to commuter rail operations, usually hauling passengers from urban to suburban settings and vice-versa
what is Switched off	Electrical equipment that is disconnected and separated from all sources of supply
Dual-mode is	A locomotive which can operate conventionally as a locomotive or as an electric
define Line-haul railroad	a railroad that operates through freight from one point to another and is distinguished from switching and terminal railroads
what is the definition of Automatic Equipment Identification	it is meant as a tracking system for cars
what is Gandy Dancer	one who maintained the railroad track and right of way
Rolling stock is	Usually refers to freight and passenger cars but also includes locomotives.
talk about Deadhead	meaning to move in a train but in no way helping
what is the definition of Terminal railroad	Usually operate within large cities
talk about EOT device	short for end of train device
define PoSA	a short for Proceed-on-sight authority
what is Company-owned railroad	A railroad's stock controlled by a company and not individuals
define Run-through	A train that does not stop to do any type of switching or setting out/picking up of cars.
what is the definition of Departure yard	departure yards assemble cuts of cars to ready them for an outbound train
conceptualize Knuckle	The free-moving part of a coupler that actually keeps cars and locomotives mated to one another
conceptualize Charter	a governmental means of granting rights, franchises, and privileges to such.
talk about Derating	changing the locomotive's prime mover to improve fuel efficiency or lower maintenance costs
conceptualize Bi-directional line	A line on which the signalling allows trains to run in both directions.
conceptualize Wayfreight	A term describing a local freight train often associated with the Burlington.
conceptualize Double-stack	Meaning to stack one container on top of another in a special well car
what is PRB	short for Powder River Basin
what is the definition of Industrial railroad	Railroads owned exclusively by industries merely to move cars around and within their property
define Crossbuck	"The ""X""-shaped sign found just before a road crosses railroad tracks"
Zombie is	A slang term describing the reuse of a locomotive's frame
what is TOWS	a short for Train operated warning system
Junction signal is	A signal that controls more than one running route
talk about COFC	Short for Containers On Flatcar
define First trick	Refers to the day's first work shift between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m
conceptualize Profile	This term illustrates graphically the layout of a rail line in terms of its grades
what is Engineer	Person responsible for the operation of the locomotive
